Cats don't like to wrestle.
It would be nice if we could abandon all of this inane talk about celebrities and go back to gossiping about people that we actually know.
Amazing how worthless I would be if you sent me back in time 10,000 years. I could describe amazing technology but couldn't build any of it.
I can't believe we still have pennies. They aren't even worth picking up off the ground.
Sometimes you wake and wish the adventure dream you were having didn't have to end. I want video games with that much excitement and realism
Why isn't there an app that lets me share photos with all my social media sites? Facebook, G+, Twitter. Oh yeah, #NoProfitInFreedom
This weekend, I was able to convince my youngest son, age 7, to branch beyond chicken nuggets to Orange Chicken. #CulinaryVictory
I've found that being a fair-weather sports fan is a real time saver.
My son, age 7, was playing "restaurant," and the first thing he did was set up security cameras. #ModernWorld
I don't know why, but refactoring code is a lot of fun. #OddlySatisfying
Happiness is working on your projects.
I can't tell if cats really enjoy the laser pointer, or if they find it profoundly frustrating.
Remember when you could burn information? Dump out the files and set them on fire? Now, everything's backed up in 20 databases.
Multiple background voices can be soothing for concentration, but trying to ignore a single conversation is a hell that hath no comparison.
I hate when I look up a concept on Wikipedia and the first sentence is incomprehensible. #Macrophage
I estimate that my youngest son has spent 20% of his waking life looking for misplaced objects.
As a computer scientist, DNA troubles me. I want it to be the source code for a person, but it's not that simple.
My son, age 7, was frustrated that he couldn't open a package of scissors. I told him to get some scissors. He was not amused.
I once heard that squirrels don't remember where they bury nuts. Instead, to find nuts, they look in good places to bury nuts. Anyone know?
Sad how patents morphed from *how* to do things to *what* to do. Today, Eli Whitney could patent "a machine to separate cotton from seeds."
I like that term "robot smog" by Illah Nourbakhsh. I love the idea of flying robots, but I dread the possibility of more noise pollution.
I love the sound of rain.
It's hard to travel right. You go from one homogeneous hotel to the next. I want to see real lives.
Imagine being Rick Astley. Every time you walk into a room unexpectedly, you rickroll everyone there.
"No? I thought you were the king of all things old?"   --My 25-year-old co-worker asking me if I'd ever heard of a card game named Magic.
Depositing checks has really changed in my lifetime. 1. Goto bank. 2. Goto ATM w/ form & envelope. 3. Goto ATM put them in. 4. Take picture.
The term "happily married" probably needs to be retired ... Oh, you're HAPPILY married; why didn't you say so?
I love crazy expressions. "There's more than one way to skin a cat." Why on earth would you want to do that?
I wonder what the brain's equivalent of a log file is.
Sugar is the enemy. Sugar gives me life. #Productivity
You wake up to some dreams that feel so real. It feels like you should be able to talk to the other people in them about the experience.
Sometimes, you can make a boring task fun by automating part of it. Sometimes, getting organized helps. Other times, well ...
Spelling bees are profoundly boring until your kid gets up there; then they're terrifying.
Popular culture celebrates sticking to your guns in an argument, I wish it celebrated being open minded with the same vigor
Remember all the hype in the 1990s about hydrogen powered cars? It looks like we'll have self-driving cars first. I would not have guessed.
Next time I get to name a band or soccer team, it's gonna be called java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError.
Dreamed I played basketball with a giant strawberry for a ball. And there were South American soccer players camped out outside my window.
Java is the stubborn mule of programming languages. #ClassNotFoundException
Sometimes, I could swear that Java is being deliberately obtuse when it comes to finding classes. #Stubborn
Amazing how you can read something and think, "OK, I got it," and then start doing it and realize that you don't got it. #HiddenDetails
So I'm at the grocery store, and suddenly this guy is looking at me all weird. Turns out, I was putting my stuff in his basket. #Oops
Yeah, so what happened to the famous London fog? I've never seen it. I guess it was air pollution that finally got cleaned up.
My blog has 113,350 comments awaiting moderation---all of them spam.
Companies who send me mail seem to be unclear on the meaning of the word "important." #ImportantInformationEnclosed
In games, someone else has done the interesting work of defining the world. You just wander within the confines of the designer's mind.
I pity those who make hot chocolate with water instead of coffee.
It's always weird to me when a pen runs out of ink. I generally lose them before we get to that point.
Watched The East. Pretty disappointed. Cliche after cliche. And it didn't even do a good job of laying out the issues.
"Do you remember before the internet?" I love that question. It points to a divide. My kids will wonder how we found people or ordered pizza
Baking a pie seems like a reasonable thing to do, but if you buy the ingredients at Whole Foods, that treat will cost you just south of $50.
When I was younger, I used to sit around and wonder all day why we were here. Now, I just go to meetings.
I wish that there were a BuzzFeed for middle-aged people who don't care about celebrities.
Someday, it's going to seem barbaric that we drove our own cars. Especially since we frequently drove them into trees.
I want to be pulled by the day instead of being pushed through by the things I have to do.
I can't make myself go workout. But I can make myself drive to the gym. Then, I can make myself go inside. Once inside I'm too lazy to leave
Brought my own olive oil to work for salads. Getting fancy, but they forced my hand. "Olive oil dressing" is mostly sunflower oil.
One time, people broke into my apartment to vacuum. I came home and the carpet looked great. Weirdest thing.
It's funny how we all think that rapidly changing weather is unique to our own locale.
Alright. I've read pretty much the whole internet. Time to get back to work.
I discovered something profound today. You can treat cauliflower like squash and put lots of pepper on it. That vastly improves things.
I just used the adjective "googleable." I win.
"The user name or password entered is incorrect. Or maybe our service is down or our servers aren't synced. Or, anything really. Go away."
Went to sell my car once. Guy asked if I took care of it. I said yes. He opened the hood and found a bird's nest in the engine compartment.
My first Google search was "Eiffel Tower." The next search was "Walmart," and the fourth result was how to buy Eiffel Towers at Walmart.
Going to a seminar on leadership seems to be a bit of an oxymoron. Leadership isn't a thing--it's a byproduct of implementing change.
That song "Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off" is interesting. It is so sweet. You wouldn't expect that from the title.
Dreamed about the apocalypse last night. The warlord would throw rocks at you if you wouldn't join his clan. I really needed a machine gun.
I made the mistake of feeding the cats once. Now, they think that I do things, and they hassle me to no end.
As a Python programmer, I find the keyword "new" in Java to be confusing because it is superfluous.
You don't hear much about bazookas anymore. Why is that?
Remember when TV stations used to stop broadcasting late each night? There was literally nothing on except bars of color.
I love how Microsoft Word respects your decision to ignore a grammar mistake, at least until you change any word in any part of the document
"What does your garage door say about you?" --TV
I feel like a sucker saving for retirement when medical bills from a heart attack could wipe me out. Or there could be a robot apocalypse.
I was once at a party where someone spilled red wine, and they used white wine to clean it up. I wonder if the opposite would work.
I've got a bad case of hiccups. It's 2017, and a paper bag is our most advanced hiccup-related technology.
I've read about 20% of Confederacy of Dunces, and I haven't decided if I will finish it. It is pretty darn funny, but it's no Catch-22.
It's funny how, in a group, the result of hoarding is more hoarding.
Who remembers TQM?  (Total Quality Management) It was all the rage back in the 90s, but I never could get anytime to tell me what it was.
I never understood what writer's block was until today, when I wrote well and realized that writer's block to me was like water to a fish.
My son, age 7, got a letter from our health insurance company. It begins, "Please read this letter for important information about your ..."
You people who don't eat much, does your body not tell you that you are hungry? Or do you suffer suffering better than the rest of us?
Neighbors got a new scary dog. I decided to go over and meet him so I could get on his list of people not to murder.
Wife complains I can't find anything in the pantry. I tell her scientists say the eyes dart around and only see small bits. #NotImpressed
Google is huge in our lives, but you can't call them. Easiest way to get customer service is to get a PhD and wait for a recruiter to call.
Who versus whom. I can be pretentious, or I can be correct. But I can't win.
Recently watched Mud. I got to say, I think it was overrated. But I did like the juxtaposition of old and new environments at the very end.
Sudafed makes me feel both tired and wired at the same time. But hey, at least I don't have a runny nose.
It's funny. In sports, it is a good thing to be "on fire." That is not true in real life.
I sometimes wonder if our entire lives and thoughts are shaped by a few dozen random events. Those that make us go: "From now on ..."
Remember using quarters to save your place in line for an arcade game? Somehow, the next quarter always belonged to the biggest kid.
My wife wants me to take my smartphone with me when I go for walks, but having the internet with me kind of defeats the point of the walk.
Funny how the big moments of our lives only feel big in retrospect. At the time, they just feel like life.
They say that we have an inborn fear of snakes. If so, why don't dogs have it? If they do, why do they get bit so often?
I love those quotes that say you shouldn't care what anyone thinks. There's a name for people like that: "psychopath."
It's amazing how much we talk with our hands. That old joke about doing an interpretive dance isn't that far off.
Now, if Google and Facebook paid you when they used your face in an ad, that would be different. I know, free service and all that, but
Youth soccer. Funny, when your kids scores a goal, you feel more relief than joy.
I'm trying to teach my kids the Zen perspective. When the noise in our head gets too loud, the here-and-now is a great thing to fall back on
Adults see possible danger as probable, but adolescents equate low probably with zero probability. We've seen more rolls of the dice.
Each new generation is more fit for the modern world and less fit for the natural one. I'm a caveman compared with my kids.
I'd rather have cold coffee than burned coffee.
cantaloupe or muskmelon?
Worries are just like a stack of plates. Only one is visible at once, and when you remove it, the next one immediately appears.
According to Facebook, my friends spend most of their time hanging out with famous people.
Recently watched Cloud Atlas. I have no idea what that was all about, but I applaud the effort of making something different.
Once sent our robot off to be repaired, and my son, age 7, asked when he was going to "come back home." Like he was a person.
Imagine how many hours we waste every year as a society filling up our rental cars with two gallons of gas before returning them.
Hate when I can't find my mouse pointer. Even worse with two screens.
If you survived the apocalypse and were the only person left, for how long would you continue to use your turn signal?
Weird that scientists and religious folk are at odds. They share the same beautiful trait of caring about something bigger than themselves.
Recently watched Anna Karenina. That movie would make no sense at all if I hadn't read the book.
Took my son, age 7, to a pond. He said, "Wow, it was neat to get up close. Like seeing it in HD." #ModernKids
It's amazing how busy I've been the last few days doing nothing.
I've come to love configuration files. #NotSomethingYouHearEveryDay They are beautiful in their own way, they harbor no secrets.
You know that point you get during debugging where you no longer trust anything? Like, is the printf library function corrupted? Yep.
In college, we registered for classes on a computer, but we had to call that computer on a telephone. 67552# for History 101 at 8am.
Saw a graphing calculator at the store. Why do people still use those? Aren't there apps with better graphics and better calculating?
On my walk, a snake dropped out of a tree and fell in the path right in front of me. It didn't even offer me an apple. #Texas
I'm trying to understand the purpose of figurative language. It's like a shortcut that's longer than the direct route. Any ideas?
Recently watched Oblivion, and I got to say, it was pretty darn good.
Gomer Pyle rocks. He is above all of our silly madness.
After the apocalypse, it would be weird to see all the solar yard lights pointing at empty houses. #TheMoreYouKnow
It's funny how deep questions and ignorant questions look alike. E.g., what is science?
It's amazing how small other stores seem after spending time in Costco. Whole Foods feels like a 7-11.
Abbreviations are from the devil.
My wife hates to send me to the grocery store because I return home with all kinds of crazy stuff that isn't on the list.
I just put a package in the microwave that promises to "expand my culinary horizons." That's big talk for a frozen dinner.
I want some Doritos to fill that little hole in my soul.
I'm catching up on classic literature, but only those works I can understand with a single reading. The rest must wait until I retire.
What does a lobbyist do, exactly? Why would anyone in power listen to someone who was paid to have an opinion?
The world is run by early risers. These people must be stopped.
I once called the front desk and asked the guy if he could tell me the checkout time. He said, "No." I said, "Ok." He hung up.
I wish that hotels allowed you to open the windows.
I love how hotels still have telephones. They now serve as glorified CBs to talk to the front desk. Hey there bellhop, you got your ears on?
I like a lot of kids movies, but I just can't get into these Ice Age films.
I always feel like Elmer Fudd when I say the word "specificity."
This Pope Francis seems like a surprisingly reasonable guy.
I can never remember if the word "accuracy" has two 'c's or two 'r's.
Potato chips are the worst. Simple carbs and high calories, AND WE CAN'T STOP EATING THEM. We're like insects to a diabetes bug zapper.
My guess is that, in 30 years, military superiority will come down to which nation has the most powerful artificial intelligence.
It's funny, sometimes you try to do one task, and you just can't get into it--but you switch tasks and suddenly your body and mind perk up.
Computer work isn't like heavy lifting. A strong person can carry twice as much as a weaker one, but a good technologist can outwork a group
I find the constantly changing diet advice to be frustrating. Avoid fat! No, avoid carbs! Drink water! Never mind. Eat breakfast! Skip it.
Burned my finger boiling vegetables. They are not as healthful as claimed.
Today stats: 2 followers, 8 unfollowers, 16 followers offended, ignored by 5789, 14 followers annoyed, 3 followers asked about my house cat.
I can't believe that I'm middle aged. I try to grab life as it goes by, but it's slippery.
John Denver says you are a poor man if you've never seen an eagle fly. Well, I have seen plenty of turkey vultures.
Funny how little we change over the years. In high school, I used to go for runs in the middle of the night. Now, 25 years later, I still do
Funny how you immediately become thirsty the moment you run out of water.
I love the smell of coffee in the morning. It smells like victory.
Pandora lets me finally read the lyrics to all those songs I heard ad nauseam in car during the 1980s. Some were surprisingly good.
Dreamed that Jon Bon Jovi gave me a ride across campus in an old Cadillac. I guess he's not such a bad guy after all.
Free money often costs more than it's worth.
I feel lucky to have a job where I learn every day. The world changes so fast--you have to run to keep up. #scary
I just wrote the word "print" and Google Docs flagged it as misspelled. It wanted me to write "printf". How cool is that?
The movie I watched about a tire that comes to life and starts killing people wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be.
I actually like the idea of a homeowners association, but the implementation is flawed. Only the conscientious are punished. Others ignore.
We judge ourselves by the best examples of our work, but our competitors and adversaries judge us by our worst examples.
Why is slapstick funny? Does anyone know?
Litter offends the beauty of nature. We could build litter-cleaning robots, but then people would just throw more. #RobotsGetNoRespect
Told my wife I rented a movie about an automobile tire that comes to life and murders people. She just walked out of the room. #Marriage
Going to the bookstore is the old-fashioned version of surfing the web.
I want to get rid of my old CDs, but I don't want to get rid of all those pointers to my old memories.
Security measures like door locks and antivirus programs sadden me. Protecting ourselves from ourselves makes life unnecessarily complex.
A tweet said a marijuana book was an "easy read." I suspect that there are few successful books on marijuana that are challenging reads.
My daughter, age 4, was angry the other day and said that she was going to put on her "mad shoes."
I'd feel more reassured that philosophers aren't just making stuff up if they pointed more to concrete ideas and less to other philosophers.
Told Mom about my latest get-rich-quick scheme. Just what every mom wants to hear. This one isn't even quick, and it won't make much money.
Health insurance companies have come up with an uncountable number different kinds of deductible. They put the Hilbert Hotel to shame.
Pop songs like to proclaim that it is better to feel pain than nothing at all. I'm not so sure. Comfortably numb is pretty good.
Finally saw Sleep Dealer (Traficante de Suenos). If you like dystopian movies about migrant works and drones, this one's for you. I loved it
I'm having one of those brief moments where I feel 20 years younger. Know what I mean? Uh, yes, I am blaring Steve Winwood. What of it?
I just cited David Attenborough in a cyber security document.
Finally reading The Kite Runner. I had put it off because I thought it would be cheesy and happy. I didn't expect Deliverance.
I love how sports give us something pleasant to worry about. I'd rather ruminate about the home team than the future of my children.
Being conscious slows life down. As we get older, we do more on autopilot, and that is probably why time seems to speed up.
(Someday, I'm going to write a whole chapter as a parenthetical.)
Recently watched Lincoln. I wish that soundtrack would play every time I spoke in a meeting. I think I'll bring a tape player to work.
Letter from SiriusXM says that if I sign up there are no cancellation fees. They should also tout that they won't punch me in the face.
Paying bills is one of those rare activities that is both tedious and depressing.
It's amazing how many times I have to rewrite my work before it is decent.
In college, beer was the sacred drink. There were rituals and incantations. In adulthood, the sacred drink is coffee.
Kids don't get out in nature enough. To fix this, I'm building an app so that they can virtually visit a forest! #UnclearOnTheConcept
My coworkers didn't know what a radio button was. The knew about the kind on a computer screen, but about an actual radio button you push in
"In response to warnings that its toilets could be hacked, INAX said it issued a security update for its toilets this month." #FutureIsHere
I recently learned about the "Year 2038 Problem" where the 32-bit date variables will overflow. I still have the bunker I dug for Y2K.
I wish there were a word processing program that Microsoft Excel could play nice with. You could paste rows, all sorts of stuff!
Should the streets be widened to help emergency vehicles? Of course. Should my yard be shortened to widen the street? Get off my property.
The boy said my name's Johnny, and it might be a sin, but I'll take your bet, and you're gonna regret, because I'm the best that's ever been
One of my superpowers is the ability to abandon a book or movie halfway through.
I love that term, "evidence-based medicine." You immediately wonder, "What were they doing before?"
Love it when movies show you what it would be like to be someone else. Saw Last Train Home. Great movie about migrant workers in China.
Went to a retro arcade place for a child's b-day party. They had an Atari! I played Combat! That kid's mom didn't have a chance.
Dreamed I went to a fancy restaurant without wearing a shirt. Clearly, I need to start wearing shirts to bed.
They say that you shouldn't worry when coach yells at you--you should worry when coach *stops* yelling at you." #BroadlyApplicable
My son is playing minecraft again. I tell myself it is good for his education.
One of my favorite games is to take an absurd position in an argument and see how long I can defend it. #ReasonsWhyIHaveNoFriends
I wonder if plans are the root of unhappiness. Without plans, you can't be late.
So the alarm clock at my hotel was quite polite. Instead of waking me with a jarring noise, it flashed an unobtrusive light at 7:00 AM.
It's so quaint when clocks aren't connected to the internet and don't know exactly what time it is.
Wife says that driving around my hometown with me reminds her of riding with her grandma. "Played baseball here, got beaten up over there...
I want to be man of leisure in the French countryside.
It's been years, and you still don't know me Pandora? This must be how my old girlfriends felt.
I think a lot of conflicts arise between men and women because women underestimate men's ignorance of social cues.
I was showing the kids my breakdancing moves, and my wife said it looked like I had a neurological condition.
It would be cool if science advanced to the point where we could predict the cost of renting a car before doing so.
Protip: When making a flight to Baltimore, the airport code is BWI. BAL will take you to Turkey.
Weird thing about getting older is you have outdated knowledge. I used to know a lot about Mexico, but I haven't been there since 1997.
I want to live in the Hundred Acre Wood.
My son (age 10) while watching Indiana Jones said, "I keep expecting to see a Wookie somewhere."
Sprinkling unexpected words into your prose can keep it fresh but can also distract the reader. #Trade-offs #Writing
Is that driver texting, or is he just drunk? #RoadtripGames
My car is at that stage where you can't let someone else drive it without detailed instructions. E.g., one does not simply "close the door."
My son has been talking with his friends, and wants to know why some kids get more from the tooth fairy than others. #LifeIsRough
We had a cat that used to eat cantaloupe guts and plant the seeds in the flower beds. #FreshProduce #OrganicFarming
My cat seems to not understand the concept of "working from home."
A great question to ask during a technical interview is "What is your dream technology?" Allows you to see both values and scope of thought.
My co-worker said she had an old monitor. I asked if her screen was amber or green. She had no idea what I was talking about. #GetOffMyLawn
Recently read "Ready Player One." My kids are digital natives, but their kids will be virtual reality natives.
With hard decisions, you should flip a coin, and what you want will be revealed while it's in the air. Should I go to the gym or eat pizza?
Son asked about why they built the Great Wall of China. I told him it was to keep the Mongolians out. Learned that from Southpark.
Recently saw Biutiful. Who are these crazy people who didn't like it? Sad and depressing, sure, but it was real (except for the ghosts).
My son is 10, and I always wonder how he and my ten-year-old self would get along. Internet? Dude, let's play baseball.
I propose time-to-coffee (TTC) as a quantitative measure of airline service. E.g., TTC in first class: 16 minutes. TTC in coach: 43 minutes.
Introductions must be more than summaries of the material---they must grab the reader by both teaching and raising questions. #amwriting
I don't understand why anyone eats Freebird's burritos. They're basically rice wrapped in a tortilla. #CarbsAllTheWayDown
A good 20% of my Google searches begin with "difference between ..."
Me: "You don't really believe in leprechauns, do you?" My son, age 7: "No. But I believe in hillbilly leprechauns."
My daughter, when she was 3, used to refer to her older brothers as "the prisoners" during her tea parties.
I tell my wife that she needs to get on Twitter so she can know what's going on in my life.
Soup stays too hot forever. We need to leverage this property into some kind of broth-based energy infrastructure.
Cab driver asked if I had cash for a $50 fare. What am I, a cocaine dealer?
Hemingway says that you should write drunk and edit sober. Unfortunately, I've got a lot of editing to do.
Be aware: once you draw a line in Microsoft Word, it is there for the lifetime of your document. This is not a reversible operation.
Recently read The Reluctant Fundamentalist. I'll summarize it for you: My girlfriend doesn't want me; blame America.
I've noticed that the attention my tweets receive is inversely proportional to how profound I think they are.
I awake and wonder when I am going to get out of bed. I realize I'm moving toward the edge and think, "Oh, I guess it's now." #FreeWill
Whenever I fill out an expense report, I always want to put "High tea with a Mr. Newman" as the reason for travel. #Seinfeld
Have you ever suddenly woken up and realized you were a stranger in your own life? No? Me neither.
Italian soda should be called old soda or original soda or custom soda or anything besides Italian soda. Sounds so pretentious, and false.
Stephen King got the following advice on editing when he was first starting out: second draft = first draft - 10% #amediting
With a big bucket of popcorn, it doesn't matter what the movie is. You're happy.
Time leaves a sequence of small transformations. We'd love to go back in time, if only to be jolted by the sum of those changes all at once.
Me: "Won't it be fun to build robots someday with Mommy and Daddy?" My daughter, age 4: "No. They will attack us."
Loved that movie Argo. It felt good to feel good about America, Hollywood, and Canada. #TwoThumbsUp
Quote about never giving up: drink! Quote by Gandhi: drink! #TwitterQuoteDrinkingGame
Love that word "arguably." You can arguably use it to make any claim you want.
Like the gambler's ruin, the business model of insurance companies is to outlast you. One can only call so many times before going insane.
I got an email at work today to which I wanted to reply, "Only a Sith deals in absolutes." #BeenWatchingTooMuchStarWars
8-Year-Old Boy Surprises Marine Dad During Firefight In Afghanistan, HT @TheOnion
I heard my wife yell from downstairs that she was divorcing me. Turns out I misheard. She was "endorsing" me on LinkedIn.
Being professional means being a part in a machine; you suppress your humanity so that you are reliable and can work well with others.
HelloFax actually works pretty well for faxing. I can't believe that people still fax. Might as well have a footman deliver the message.
Remember that game Myst? You just wander around and randomly try things to figure out a pointless riddle. I hated that game.
If you Google "taco" you find out they they have exactly 156 calories. Don't know if all tacos are the same or if Google knows my next taco.
I could go for a free lunch right about now.
I immediately become suspicious of any line of code that says something like "i = 74"
From the mailbox: "Congratulations. Your journey with Honda Financial Services has just begun." I love that. 60 months of congratulations.
I realized this morning that in most situations, the word "puzzled" is a much better choice than "confused."
Funny how when you thank someone in an email, you have to use an exclamation point. Otherwise, it sounds sarcastic. Thanks.
"You just talked to someone on the phone, and that doesn't count." UnitedHealthcare responding to their earlier promise to cover a test.
I love how "sea salt" is a fancy and socially acceptable way of labeling a product as having "big loads of salt."
It's amazing how small your big ideas seem when you write them down.
There are few things more frustrating in life than not being able to find a misplaced object.
My health insurance company can be be counted on to do the right thing...after they have exhausted all other possibilities. #Churchill
You know you've been reading too much Victorian-era literature when you use the phrase "made an enquiry" when emailing a customer.
"Jar Jar? You don't like Jar Jar?" My son, age 10.
I got my first real email from my son today (age 10). Neat to see his writing style and to communicate with him in writing.
Recently watched the movie The Bay. Anyone want to go for a swim?
Love it when colleagues without kids refer to my weekend plans as "relaxing." My weekends are many things, but relaxing is not one of them.
I wish that going to sleep wasn't so much work.
Recently saw 227 on TV. I haven't seen that show in over 25 years, but I still recognize the faces. The human brain is amazing.
Spelling is a lost cause. There's far many more ways to misspell a word than to spell it correctly.
Do they really think that I'm ambitious enough to take my frozen dinner out of the microwave, stir, AND put it back in for two more minutes?
Every time I give my email address to any organization for any reason, I end up on their mailing list. #LawOfNature #UnsubscribeFatigue
The old man the boats. #TakeThatGrammarChecker
It feels like I could quit my job and live on all these random class-action-lawsuit checks I get. Well, maybe not. Each one is for like $4.
It's amazing how cats can change your screen formatting just by walking across the keyboard. They must have some instinct for shortcut keys.
Finally watched Glengarry Glen Ross. Coffee is for closers only.
Just read an article about people wanting wider streets. They changed their mind when told they would have less yard. #InabilityToReason
The thing about cats is they don't care at all when you come back from a long trip. They sniff your bags, and that's about it.
I got nothing to say to you people.
People don't protest much on weekends. Civil unrest happens during the week. HT Scott Miller.
When people interact with others, they act more randomly. When they don't interact, their lives are more regular. HT Daniel Garcia.
It would be funny to make a movie where characters argue using only maxims. Early bird gets the worm! Second mouse gets the cheese!
Love it when you pet cats and they look at your other hand like, "What's wrong with that one?"
You would think there would be a finite number of ways VPN could fail to work. You would be wrong.
I love it when I benefit, but I don't understand why first class gets priority going through security. Seems so ... un-American.
I'm a late-night guy living in a early morning world.
Is that song really playing? I recently watched Silver Linings Playbook. That was pretty good.
Went to Costco for the first time not too long ago. That place is a disaster movie.
In books, characters fall into "a dreamless sleep." I always seem to fall into a mad, anxiety-ridden, psychedelic unconsciousness.
Old memories are best when they sneak up on you, like when you hear a lost Gloria Estefan song from the 1980s.
It's surprising how poor the book recommendation engine in Goodreads is. They just give you books with no indication why you might like them
Everyone was excited about our new minivan except my daughter (age 3). She was afraid that lions will be able to get in through the sunroof.
Once mentioned I was shopping for a new car at a company party. One of my coworkers said, "You seem like a used car kind of guy."
Also dreamed I met The Most Interesting Man in the World at a party, and he recommended that I not wear khaki shorts to meet Queen Elizabeth
Dreamed I played pickup soccer with a new group of people, and the losing team had its eyes sewn shut. Would have tried harder had I known.
Recently watched Star Wars with kids. On VHS. #IThinkTheTrackingIsOff
I love how the fire ant killer I bought comes with a safety seal. You know, to keep people from poisoning it.
I know the difference between it's and its, but my hands don't.
My daughter, age 4, calls a computer a "perchuter." But she gets mad if you call it a perchuter. She says, "No! It's a perchuter!"
We old people have something special. Talked to some girls from Ann Richards high school---they have no memory of a time before the internet
Just moved my yearly physical out two months in the future. Because I am always less busy in the future than I am now.
During last night's sleep I was simultaneously too cold AND too hot. Not alternating; at the same time. Never experienced that before. #sick
I wrote down a guy's name so I wouldn't forget it. But now I can't remember where I put that piece of paper.
A kid, age 8, at soccer practice said he would give me all the money he will make in his entire life if I scored a goal on him. GOALLLLL!!!!
Both the world and our role within it continuously change, so being open to learning new things is probably more important than being smart
When I was younger and had a cold, playing soccer actually made me feel better. That no longer works now that I'm 41.
They say it's no use crying over spilled milk, but when the spilled item is homemade mac-and-cheese, and it's your only lunch, it can't hurt
They say to watch out for the "terrible twos," but at our house, it's always been the "mad threes" that get you. My daughter is now there.
Man, how do people watch TV? You're sitting there all happy, and then suddenly someone tries to sell you something. Over, and over again.
I've set up a standing desk at home, but now I'm faced with the problem of how to eat cereal and relax. I'll ask my son how to work the TV.
What do you do when you are too tired to be productive or even to have fun? 
Babies and toddlers must be profoundly confused when they wake from dreams. What happened to that giant lollipop I had?
They say that we all have the same DNA and are fundamentally the same, but some people tweet that they forget to eat. #ProofByContradiction
A lot of my recurring dreams are like old movies that I don't quite remember. I know how they end, but I don't know how they'll get there.
Why can't we get good disaster movies?
Happiness is executing your plans.
My kids are worried about poisonous snakes and spiders. I tell them that what they should really be afraid of is cars.
The next salesman insisted we sit down before looking at cars. He said you talk to the doctor before he prescribes you medicine. We left.
Went looking for a minivan, and the salesperson laughed in my face when I said we wanted an orange one. Hey man, we can still be hip.
Conference announcement: "Do not leave items unattended." I think we can all agree that that phrase needs to banished from the language.
We all take our rules seriously even when it's silly. I once got yelled at in China for choosing sweet potatoes as my second lunch vegetable
I dislike advertisements because they are trying to hack me. They are trying to control me. Even worse, they are wasting my time.
The beauty of open source is that the machine is laid bare. I always want to understand; too bad my brain capacity is limited.
If you write "Jane Austin", Google Docs recommends a correction to "Austen". If you write "Austin, Texas", it doesn't. Nice.
If I tweet that I'm going to eat at Fogo de Chao, is my health insurance company listening? Asking for a friend.
Amazing how much of our time we spend in fantasy---movies, books, and TV. We live multiple simultaneous narratives.
It's suboptimal that income tax rates for productive work (like being a teacher) and destructive work (like dirtying the air) are the same.
Love it when your plane gets to an airport and you have to circle around. Like they didn't know you were coming.
I like to wear my tweed sport coat to conferences because it makes me feel accomplished, but now it has a hole in the sleeve. That's funny.
I love how Microsoft accuses me of being a "victim of software counterfeiting" every time I wake up my laptop. I'm a victim alright.
People say "by Bob and myself" or "by Bob and I" when I think it really should be "by Bob and me." You wouldn't say "by we." Right?
I love it when movies about ghosts are "based on a true story."
Friend had a 40th birthday party at a cowboy bar. I wore boots. My kids said they understood that b/c they went to a ninja party last week.
The first challenge to publishing conference papers is to do good science. The second challenge is to correctly embed fonts in the PDF.
I have that fingernail injury you get from peeling too many grapefruit. Eating healthy is hard.
I wonder if there is such a thing as patent troll insurance. If not, there should be.
Imagine if scientific papers were written like patent applications. Shudder to think.
Isn't it weird that an actor is "in" a movie but "on" a TV show?
Star Wars came up, and my son's teacher didn't know what a Wookie was. Is there some sort of accreditation board I can report her to?
I propose a radical energy saving device. You know those huge monitors/TVs you see everywhere? What if we converted those to static "signs"?
Joke by my son (age 10): Why did the chicken cross to the left side of the road? Answer: Because Daddy was telling stories on the right.
Just watched The Master. That made no sense. I don't care what you fancy people say.
My mental model is that it takes 5 min to shower, but it's 10 min. Error has persisted for years. Skinner's pigeons learn faster than I do.
The AT&T wireless customer service person kept complaining that I was cutting out. Now, that is funny.
I get money from about 10 class action lawsuits a year. Thank you for that $2.47.
The apocalypse allows us to finally relax and enjoy that vacation we've been meaning to take but couldn't because of our obligations at work
Loved 11/22/63 by Stephen King, but living a dual life in 1958 and 2017 was exhausting.
Cake has no optimal serving size. If I eat a little, I feel bad because I want more. If I eat a lot, I feel bad because I ate a lot.
My wife says I shouldn't walk around the neighborhood while eating a pot full of vegetables.
Interesting how the idea of Klout on topics (I was most influential in "lemonade") has moved from Klout to "endorsements" on LinkedIn.
Tired of conferences in big cities. We need more gatherings at venues only accessible by donkey.
Actually, scratch that. Days where nothing truly bad happens are great days. They allow a new dawn to be a clean reset.
There are days when nothing truly bad happens but everything is unnecessarily difficult. That was yesterday. Today is new dawn.
It should be illegal to have a stupid conversation when you are sitting in front of me on an airplane.
Me: I hate having to check in *exactly* 24 hours in advance on Southwest. My friend: Is that why I'm always last to get on the plane?
We've learned to trust no one. Is this email really a tracking notification for a FedEx package? I'm still waiting on my Nigerian fortune.
Evil Dead was last horror movie I saw. Never seen that kind of movie before. The brain is not meant to process that kind of sensory input.
"I hate when zombies get in my house." My son, age 10, playing Minecraft.
Got a notice saying I need new license plates. I don't understand. Do they wear out?
Love how "bimonthly" can mean both every other month and twice a month. The whole point of the word is to communicate frequency. #worthless
I wonder if the companionship of pets was even more important in the time before TV. Although, with no YouTube, no one would ever know.
Humans are an emergent property of cells.
I love thunderstorms.
Love those "increasing your productivity" articles. I always expect the first recommendation to be "Get off the internet and get to work."
Do you guys hide Easter baskets? To me, hiding those baskets is the natural thing to do. But my wife says I'm crazy. So we don't.
The family was once discussing what to put on my birthday cake, and my son (age 6) said, "Just put a guy asleep on there. Daddy loves naps."
Someday, people will long for the natural simplicity of 2017.
You know it's a great audiobook when you can't wait to get back in your car to go to work.
I start typing "self aw" into the search bar, and Google comes up with "self aware roomba." The anxieties of our age.
Does anyone know how the amount of complexity of a computer operating system compares with that of a biological cell?
It's funny how you can't really proofread an email until after you send it.
I'm headed to Whole Paycheck ... I mean Whole Foods. Anybody need anything?
I love how "Can I help you?" is a polite way of asking "What the hell are you doing here?"
I hate when I have to get up early. That's enough, but my body will often get me up even earlier than that for no good reason.
I should start answering the phone by saying "Ahoy!" Not that I answer the phone anymore. I hate that thing.
Volkswagens go through car batteries like meth addicts go through Mountain Dew.
We appear to be approaching peak socks in my house. The scarcity cuts deeper every week.
I used to go one way to work. But lately, I've been asking Google Maps, and it sends me another way. I'm starting to see its wisdom.
It's funny how a document with no spelling errors looks exactly the same as one with the spell check turned off.
I wish there were one day a week when motorized vehicles were banned. Imagine the peace and quiet.
I worry that I don't work hard enough. I also worry that I don't relax enough. And, of course, I worry that I worry too much.
Mud hole? Slimy? My home this is.
I love reading the reviews for kids movies. "... the archetypes do not resonate as one would expect given the ..." Kids want burp jokes.
There's a raccoon eating acorns in my front yard.
Because of DM spam, I now have no way to tell you that I actually saw a crazy video that you were in.
Me: ". . . because I'm the grownup." My daughter (age 3): "No, Mommy is the grownup."
I received a cold call today from a company offering "black hat facilitation" for government contracts. Do they blackmail decision makers?
Just got an invitation to submit a paper to a conference on "Science and Information." That seems a tad broad.
Read Madame Bovary recently. I miss her shenanigans.
I don't see how people fast. It's only been a few hours for me and its like I'm standing in an office building with the fire alarm going off
You know you are getting old when you see buying a car as a big pain instead of a fun and exciting event.
"Tell my mother, tell my father that I've done the best I can." Funny thing about getting old. I'm now the "father" in pop songs.
I draw the line at internet-connected toothbrushes.
It's pretty crazy when you think about it. Cyber security in a large corporation hinges on each individual not clicking on a bad link.
I can see Daniel to Dan, but what is up with John to Jack? Jack Kennedy? John Kennedy?
I need to learn to take life one day at a time. That would be a great name for a TV show. You could have a single mom, a maintenance guy
You can rate Wikipedia pages as Trustworthy, Objective, Complete, and Well-Written. But the most important aspect is missing: Comprehensible
I wonder if it is a general property of great books that you start out hating them, but they grow on you over time.
Just plugged in a laptop, not because I needed it, but because I felt sorry for it. That little sad blinking low-battery light tugged at me.
I have a sudden urge to say something profound in Latin. But I don't have anything to say, and I don't know Latin.
Scientific papers don't always mention Kim Kardashian, but when they do, they are about social media.
Thought I was doing the right thing buying "olive oil" salad dressing, but those marketing charlatans outsmarted me again. #CanolaOilSucker
I got a noticeable cut on my forehead, and I have no idea where it came from. Maybe I was drugged? The CIA? Aliens? Could have been a cat.
Our printer has evidently discovered that it can do its part to save the planet by randomly deleting print jobs. #RobotConsciousness
I've never been one to see symbolism in books or movies. I like to take fictional stories at face value, as if they were my own experience.
At some point, we passed the threshold of there being more pictures of cats on the Internet than cats in the actual world.
Internal reviewer said she didn't understand my use of the phrase "[xx I name it thus?]" in a technical paper. #IShouldProofreadFirst
Dude was tailgating me in heavy traffic. I pull aside. He speeds by and is immediately pulled over. #sometimesTheManIsOnYourSide
Told my son, age 10, that he can be both athletic and smart. I brought up the idea of a warrior-poet. 
Remember that kid's movie Escape from Planet Earth? One character had the coolest coffee cup ever. It said, "I love safety." I want that.
My wife just asked me if I know how to read Chinese. Clearly, we need to talk more.
The other night my kids stayed up late. They wanted to watch The Lorax instead of going outside to see the stars. #irony
ALWAYS BE SCARED. This message brought to you by your nightly local news.
Warm milk, instant coffee, and hot chocolate mix. That's the stuff.
Like Odysseus being tied to his mast to resist the Siren's songs, I sometimes brush my teeth early so that I will stop eating for the day.
Talking to people is exhausting.
I asked the university not to send me any more 'informational' emails, and I think that they are actually now sending me more out of spite.
Crickets are now my third favorite sound--right behind my kids laughing and wind blowing through the trees.
I love the email complimentary close 'v/r'. It says, "I very respectfully end this letter, but not enough to write it out."
I don't wanna work. I just want to bang on the drums all day.
I hate when I have something on my mind and I can't think on anything else.
Redbox does not let you cancel if you change your mind. It's only a dollar, but they don't seem to understand that little things can be big.
I find signs of security, such as guards and fences, very depressing, and people always want more of it.
Took my son to a high school basketball game. The lady looked at me like I was crazy when I tried to pay with a credit card. #Still1991
Recently watched Looper. I guess the fits that my kids throw aren't so bad after all.
Seems like as soon as one monkey climbs off your back, the next one is standing right there in line.
I see in the rear-view mirror that I'm being tailgated by a huge pickup truck, which, in turn, is tailgated by an even bigger one. #Texas
Some people enjoy parentheticals (their thinking is scattered and they like to make novel associations), and others want a linear story.
Relatedly, I like to take a person I know well and think back to my first impression. Amazing how different they can be.
Photos do a surprisingly bad job at conveying a person's essence. When you meet, you realize the photo points to a person that doesn't exist
I love how my wife refers to Siri as "the lady."
My computer is all confused and needs to be restarted. But I don't want to have to reopen all of these programs.
Love how I have exactly one dollar in my wallet. Not zero, not twenty, one. I never use cash, so it's been that way for a while.
I wish I could find a social media client that had a platitude filter. I will keep looking. You should never let go of your dreams.
The Microsoft Word designer must have been thinking, "You know, if someone copies a sentence, I bet they want to copy the doc header too."
It's funny, no matter how late you get home, you can't just go right to bed. You have to wind down first.
I love being an American, but I hate having to put the period inside of the quotation marks when a sentence ends with a single quoted word.
I went to get gas today, and there was a TV attached to the pump blaring CNN. We get a little closer to Idiocracy every day.
Music now in the break room. Two kinds of people: those that crave more stimulation, and those that wish somebody would turn life down.
I love how in Windows if you want to rename a directory you have to restart your computer so it will release the locks.
On Return of the Jedi, the guys destroying the energy shield can't communicate with they guys fighting the Death Star. #Anachronism
The new accessory for full-sized pickup trucks is an extra-wide, chrome tailpipe. It says, "More pollution than can fit in a regular pipe."
Toothpaste is inexhaustible. There's always one more little tube from the dentist or a travel kit around somewhere.
Walking in the woods behind my office and was stopped by a tall fence. Fences kill the spirit. I felt like Truman trying to go to Fiji.
In response to missing files, Dropbox says people should always have a second backup. That's like the police telling me to lock my doors.
Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream may not be good for my health, but it sure is good for my productivity. At least for 27 minutes or so.
My son just asked, do you think that some cats would see better with glasses? I've always wondered what we humans did before glasses.
The problem with the gamification of something is that you have to pay attention to the game. My brain is full.
We've lived in this house for seven years, and we still haven't settled on unambiguous names for the rooms. Which one is the living room?
I want a light tablet with a screen that is 8.5 x 11 inches. Then we could replace some paper around here.
It's amazing how much work it is to relax. You can't just suddenly relax. It takes time.
Work makes life go by too fast.
Someday, future archaeologists will uncover countless credit card offers. For me, it's about one in every five pieces of mail.
Was going to pull up Google Maps, but my son handed me a globe instead. Nice and round and all, but there was no zoom!
How is it that I can intend to type the word "both", think I typed the word "both", and later see that I actually typed the word "book"?
I don't like receipts, so SEARS gave me 4 of them. 1 receipt and 3 coupons with so many exceptions that reading them is out of the question.
It bugs me that fortune cookies no longer contain fortunes. They should be renamed to "life-coach cookies."
The food madness comes to an end tomorrow.
Twitter is an oasis. If you comment on the open web, people reply as if you're an idiot, without reflecting on the irony of the assumption.
If it's "not necessary to dial a 1 when calling this number" can't the phone company just figure it out? Google has spoiled us all.
I once saw an ad from BMW urging people to consume less and to buy a new car. I guess words no longer have meaning.
"Wait until your kids move back home from college." Tide laundry detergent commercial. Wow, this recession thing is real.
Went to get a new tube for my mountain bike. Guy asked which size. Which size? Evidently, a lot has changed since 1992.
Dreamed I was playing Little League Baseball and had drove to the game in a garbage truck. Then I said "wait I'm 41, what am I doing here?"
Am I the only one bothered by noise pollution? It makes me so angry I want to scream. And maybe bang some pots.
With the current ubiquity of tablets and smartphones, kids born today might never learn how to use an old-fashioned OS like Windows 7. Crazy
I'm amazed that we are still held hostage to text messaging fees. Either iMessage on iPhone, or pay big monthly fees, or pay per utterance.
I used to think that lying to my kids about Santa would needlessly confuse them. Now I see it as a valuable lesson in the shades of truth.
I just ate a big chunk of bad, frozen lasagna. The worst of all possible choices.
Funny when you need to email an old acquaintance, and you try to come up with a subject line that will keep it out of their spam filters.
The weird thing about the Lord of the Rings movies is that they all seem to just end. Like they ran out of film or something. #TheHobbit
Got a letter outlining retirement plan options. The Singularity is my retirement plan. Barring that, my plan is to work until I drop.
When they show scientists in movies, they never show them making PowerPoint slides.
Trying to re-frame the experience of lifting weights so it will seem fun. New framing: "working out is Zen meditation." Worked last night.
My son, age 10, got up and was dazedly walking around. Sleepwalking? I approached, and he punched me in the stomach and went back to bed.
Nothing good comes in the mail; let's do away with it.
"encryption unsuccessful" is the Android version of the blue screen of death, except you lose everything.
I went to the kitchen to get a salad and came back with turtle cheesecake.
I wonder if it's about time to retire the "out-of-office" automatic replies. That really doesn't happen anymore.
My youngest son asked me to show him a cursive 'G' in uppercase. I don't remember how to write one.
It's funny, as you get older, it really is better to give than to receive. You get all excited about the presents you buy people.
I love how I use '1/0' to stop my program if it goes down a bad branch. #CodingLikeABoss
I sympathize with his views, but I've had trouble trusting Michael Moore ever since he blamed Dick Clark for the death of that little boy.
Funny. It's always better to have permission than to not have permission, but it's not always better to ask permission than to not.
I remember how Windows XP used to always be so worried about unused desktop icons. It was so cute.
I hate it when explanations are organized around people. I much prefer organizations around ideas. #LookingAtYouPhilosophy #NotAmericanIdol
I want some cake, so I ate a small kettle of green beans under the belief that they are anti-cake.
How cool is that? Some dude in Malaysia googles, "children are curious about their environment" and The Curiosity Cycle comes up #3.
Airline rewards and grocery store rewards are opposites. Airline rewards are rewards (free flights). Grocery store rewards are punishments.
They say that Siddhartha could think, fast, and wait. I'm not much for waiting, and I can't think if I'm hungry. #LongWayToGo
At the time it just seemed normal, but when I hear it now, the grunge music of the early-mid 1990s sounds so dark. No wonder I was moody.
Nice to see that cars are coming out in colors now; blues and oranges. For ten years, they were just shades of gray.
There isn't a word for the kind of packing you do in a hotel to go home. It isn't quite "packing," and it isn't "unpacking" either.
I'm often trapped because I can't bring myself to use a buzzword like "situational awareness," but I also can't think of an alternative.
Writing is like solving a jigsaw puzzle where you first have to determine what the pieces are.
It's funny. Why is being sad unenjoyable? It's not like physical pain, which is more direct.
I gotta say, The Looney Tunes Show on Cartoon Network is pretty funny. The suburban-dwelling Yosemite Sam is particularly well done.
My toolbox is such that you need a screwdriver to get it open.
Me: "Where's that music coming from?" Son: "My toothbrush." Ah, the modern world.
It seems that the quality of a television show is inversely proportional to the attractiveness of the actors.
It's amazing how much better I understand a scientific paper when I take notes on the meaning of notation as I read.
Took a bite of a deep-fried taco shell from Chuy's. I learned exactly how Frodo felt in The Lord of The Rings as I took it to the trash can.
I should probably read the news *before* I get on social media in the morning. Things would make a lot more sense.
This internet thing is just a fad. Someday, we'll look back and laugh.
Teaching my son, age 7, to program in Python. He gets confused between strings and variable names. You can write x = 'bob' but not x = bob.
I can eat canned soup as long as I add enough pepper so I can't taste the canned soup.
Air travel would be less stressful if it were socially acceptable to do Tai Chi while waiting to board the plane.
Coat hangers are very poorly behaved objects.
If you find yourself at DFW, the Pappadeaux at A24 is a veritable oasis from the barbarous activity in the main terminal.
Pro tip: if you want me to use your service by allowing me to sign in with my FB or Twitter account, do not threaten to spam my friends.
I find Red Delicious to be the least delicious of all apples. They are, however, red.
When concerned with trivialities, I often have to remind myself that these are the problems you have when you don't have any problems.
The problem with software you have to buy is that you also have to pay to upgrade. So I end up using Word 2003.
One thing I've learned as a kinder soccer coach is that cold weather makes kids' shoes come untied. #TheMoreYouKnow
"What if an attacker takes over the washing machine and uses it as a platform to launch distributed denial-of service (DoS) attacks?"
The world needs to stop making things that beep at me.
Sometimes the word "busy" means "swamped at the moment," but sometimes it means "I'm more important than you."
My son responding to a request to end his computer game: "I barely got anything done!" It's funny how artificial goals can become real goals
There is often a very large distance between almost done and done.
Weird to me that people compare Google+ with Facebook. I see Google+ as a version of Twitter without the 140 character limit.
Last one in the office. I'm riding a scooter down an empty hall, and I'm suddenly reminded of the Big Wheel scene from The Shining.
It's funny. In negotiations, the first person to specify a number loses, but the first person to establish a number as an anchor wins.
I love how being in the middle of reading a good book adds another dimension to my consciousness, even when I'm not reading.
I haven't had nearly enough Chinese food lately.
I like pictures on slides, but they have to convey information. The presentation appears fluffy if they only set up context or look pretty.
Healthcare in the US is inexplicably expensive. Maybe I don't want Walmart to run a hospital, but I'd go to one run by IKEA.
Cats don't dance.
Hate wearing a belt, but I need to dress fancy for work. I'm waiting for elastic belts to come back in fashion.
Just got a message that said "Jonathan, I'm returning your call about the yellow camper on the highway." I didn't call about a yellow camper
It's funny how you can be "present" in a Zen sense, or you can be "productive" in a work sense, but you can't be both.
Network programming is somehow very satisfying. All of these happy little computers talking to each other.
I generally prefer the quiet sound of crumbling infrastructure to the noise of construction, but I'm told that's not a viable approach.
I can understand nightmares--they teach your brain with simulated danger. But annoying dreams? I was running barefoot on a road with pebbles
I just spent 30 minutes reconstructing a stapler from its component parts after my son dropped it down the stairs. #ReadyForTheApocalypse
After it was too late to fix, I saw a comma splice in my scientific proposal. Now, if it gets rejected, I'll know why.
I just ate a bowl of granola cereal, which, in the absurd universe of calorie consumption, is equivalent to about five chocolate cakes.
Instructions for paper abstracts said that they should be 250 words. I thought this was funny: exactly 250 words? But my first draft had 250
My boys decided to settle a question of fact, whether item x was made of metal or plastic, with a ball throwing contest #UnclearOnTheConcept
I successfully resurrected my wife's old laptop by installing Ubuntu. My work here is done.
My daughter, age 3, kept asking me what time it was today. I guess she had somewhere to be.
Just watched a few minutes of that show Revolution. This is bad TV. Cliche after cliche. And did the disaster only kill ugly people?
It's confusing that the word "oversight" means both an error and the activity of watching something so as to prevent an error.
Need to go to the library but left my wallet at home. I wonder if I can direct the librarian to my Twitter page as a valid form of photo ID.
Often, there's only ten or so decisions that need to be made to finish a document. But you can't seem to hop in, and you sit there in a fog.
I think "Guns and Religion" would be a great name for my son's kinder soccer team. But my wife and city officials probably wouldn't agree.
It's amazing that air travel is so exhausting. You are, after all, just sitting there.
This coffee at this place tastes like tea. I can't tell if it is too fancy for me, or if I am too fancy for it.
Resurrected my wife's old Windows Vista laptop. "Installing update 1 of 77 ..."
30 minutes before my bedtime last night, I decided to install Ubuntu. I am not a smart man. #insomnia #FeelTerribleToday
New game at work: figure out who is walking down the hall by the sound of their footsteps.
Companies should realize that surveys must be short. I'm not going to click on  25 ovals, I just want to say the hotel carpet was dirty.
My wife always argues with the cats. The cat followed her into the bathroom, and I heard, "Do you want a bath or what? What's your problem?"
Surprising how infrequently I can reuse my previous (unpublished) writing. I always seem to want to rewrite ideas when used in a new context
Just saw a guy jogging down our street in a bulletproof vest. Evidently, this neighborhood is more dangerous than I thought.
"I bet in the future, we won't have to waste our time fixing toilets." Me, in 1995.
When tweets are too long to read, it's time to go to bed.
Some days feel squishy: your current work is too small to be useful, and your big ideas are too ill-formed to be practical.
The kitchen at work is currently closed. Luckily, I have a strategic coffee reserve in my office.
Pleasant surprise this morning: I tightened my belt to the next belt hole.
My wife to me: "You are always on that computer. You and that computer should be morphed together." Not a bad idea.
There are 16 digits in my Country Inns & Suites reward ID number. They seem to be preparing for intergalactic expansion. #ThinkBig
Time to regroup as a civilization. We should stop all new development for 6 months and focus on fixing bugs in existing systems.
Just said to my wife, "Yeah, I don't want to watch it either, but it won best picture." We are about to watch The Artist. This is middle age
I just used VPN to access the virtual machine on my remote desktop. It is indeed turtles all the way down.
It's funny that we have words in our language like "art" that nobody can define.
It's amazing how much joy in life comes from making and executing plans.
Just saw a joke image about cats on my timeline. My brain actually generated the idea that I should show the cats the picture. Ah, humans.
I had no idea that buying a mattress would be so far beyond my complexity horizon. The price was fluid and the options were dizzying.
Dreamed I won a bronze medal for swimming. Next dream: walked barefoot through a bad part of town looking for water. First dream preferred.
Overheard at my house, "You two give her those chickens!"
It's amazing how blind we can be with our own work. I needed to cut slides but they all seemed critical. Outside council found some.
Pulled up XEmacs for old time's sake. Used it for 6 years. After two years, it appears I have already forgotten everything.
As I get older, I increasingly find myself identifying with John Goodman's character from The Big Lebowski. I did not see that coming.
Off to a nature walk. My work is right by this park, Emma Long, where the only human-made sounds you hear come from an occasional airplane.
Getting your vocabulary straight is a huge part of getting your thinking straight. Correctness is less important than consistency.
Please conserve bits. If your answer to a question is to "reinstall the software," your suggestion can be safely omitted.
I'm thinking that good writing avoids sentences with distracting, garden-path interpretations such as "The old man the boats."
Always surprised people keep those email ad signatures, such as "Sent from my iPhone." Consider changing to "Sent from my subconscious."
"rhythm" is a long word not to have a real vowel.
Took the kids to the NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston. Actually, kind of depressing. All about the past, not much about the future.
Good comedy consists of statements that are both true and absurd.
Just found a giant oatmeal walnut brown sugar cranberry cookie in the break room. It was like Trainspotting.
The world is its own best documentation.
We got a new cat, and he drank my wife's coffee two days in a row. Now, he's just like the rest of us.
Do people actually sit through 30-second commercials to watch 2-minute news videos? I want to see the bobcat kittens, but there are limits.
Just watched Tyrannosaur. That movie breaks your heart over and over again. Fewer dinosaurs than I expected.
We often write down incomplete thoughts so they are not forgotten. But seeing them on paper makes them seem complete, so we leave them.
Amazing that malls haven't changed in 30 years. Did you know that Bag n' Baggage still exists?
My son, age 7, asked me how computers work. Not sure if I should start with Turing Machines or Maxwell's equations.
Why do peanuts sometimes taste like a baby's dirty diaper smells?
This cloud thing is great, but my writing is spread out all over the place. Now, where did I put that thought again? Twitter? FB? blog?
Interesting. 10-page report is 414 KB, 1-page letter with image of my signature is 1,288 KB. The continuous world is large and rich.
I hate it when you think you have one problem, you solve it, and in doing so discover that there were two problems.
Kickin' it 1970s style. I am desk checking my computer program.
If you Google "cast magic spells" you get a bunch of results as if it were, you know, real --- just like "make layer cake."
I'm hungry, so I eat a bag of carrots. Then I have two problems: I'm hungry and I have a stomach ache.
I'm used to "twenty years ago" meaning the 1970s, but that was twenty years ago.
Just saw a commercial for a McDonald's sugary coffee drink that distinctly reminded me of the heroin injection scenes from Trainspotting.
Scientists are working on curing diseases and understanding the cosmos, but what we need is a guacamole that doesn't turn that ugly color.
Every time I open the refrigerator, I hear this pat pat pat of little feet come running over.
Statistics is a mess. You can't follow recipes because assumptions are never satisfied, and you can't use principles because there are none.
"Page number" is no longer meaningful. We have "page ordinal," 1,2,3,... And we have "page label," i, ..., iv, ...,1,2,3, ..., a1, a2, ...
Whenever I hear that song "Before He Cheats" I think how funny it would be if it was all just a big misunderstanding.
So the siren lights on top of cop cars are now flat. This appeared to happen overnight.
Just examined my computer's memory using FTK Imager. I found Portuguese text in there. I do not speak Portuguese.
After ten years of printing my letters, I've suddenly started writing in cursive again. Weird.
Just watched Young Adult. I loved that it didn't end up where you thought it would.
Sometimes when you are writing and trying to articulate ideas, everything just seems like mush.
I hate controlled areas. I should be able to hang on the ropes at public swimming pools, and my bags are fine by themselves at airports.
Wish the whole world were on UTC time. I'd rather eat lunch at 3am than have to figure out what time that conference call is.
So a guy flashes his headlights at me to warn me of a speed trap up ahead. Funny, who's side are we on? Us bandits vs. the system?
As a rule, I don't read any document that is double spaced.
I hate the mental gymnastics involved in reading scientific notation. If your number is that big, please use a different unit.
Half-inflated mylar balloons always float around the house. I see one out of the corner of my eye and think, "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?"
Darn shame when we run out of skim milk and I have to use the kids' whole milk for my cereal. Darn shame.
Love how Advil is sugar coated. It's like eating Skittles.
Camping in the living room eating S'mores and watching a movie. It's surprising that they don't have more safety railings on the Death Star.
Do kids have imaginary friends anymore? Or does that require the kind of solitude that no longer exists in our wired society?
I'm such a digital immigrant. I think using pen and paper, and then I turn to my computer and type the ideas into a document.
Finally saw Napoleon Dynamite. Love how you can always hear the birds chirping in the background. And the steaks.
Funny how in a dream you can be multiple characters at once. And it is first person but also third person.
Love that old aphorism: you know you've hit middle age when the phone rings on a Saturday night, and you hope it's not for you.
Having coffee with the kids running around reminds me of that line from The Big Lebowski, "Hey, careful, man, there's a beverage here!"
I've largely cut sugar from my diet this week. Remember that Paul Giamatti movie Cold Souls? Me too.
My kids saw a typewriter today and were blown away. "What IS that thing?" Like it was from an alien world.
Based on my empirical observations of social networks, I conclude that provocative clothing causes young women to send spam follow requests.
The sun burns time.
Only way to stay trim in modern society is to be a fanatic about diet and working out. "Eating right and exercising" seem to be insufficient
Funny, so many songs I heard ad nauseam in the 1980s. They come on Pandora now and I actually listen, and think, "hey, that's pretty good."
Finally watched Dr. Strangelove. Great movie, but the last scene with the character Dr. Strangelove was ... stupid.
Didn't lift my leg high enough and hit my shin on the bed. As I fell on the bed in pain, my leg cramped and I let out a scream. #soccer
Using websites and apps is such a mine field these days. One false move and you unknowingly spam all of your friends.
Darn shame about that coming zombie apocalypse. Good thing I still have the bunker I dug for Y2K.
I finally get the purpose of scribd, but the ads are too distracting and the Facebook login doesn't work today. Clean and simple.
Obtaining signatures wounds the soul.
Just saw Contagion. I thought it was pretty good. I like that it stayed with the big picture. Not as sappy as most disaster movies.
My son (age 10) read part of a proposal I wrote. He asked, "Did you write this?" and then said "Wow, you're more boring than I thought."
Now that I'm older, I can look back on youth culture and see it as a thing. When I was younger, I thought it was life.
In Texas, we have scorpions falling from the air vents. #GoodTimes
It's amazing how loud professional carpet cleaning trucks are. I think I'd prefer it if the neighbors were starting a rock band.
Best quote: As they were leaving the house, my daughter (then 2) said to my youngest son (then 5), "Get your shoes on, boy."
Companies think the cheapest way to handle customer service is offshoring and menu hell. Doesn't occur to them to make their products usable
Microsoft help assumes everything is working fine and you are just ignorant. I don't need help unless something is broken or unintuitive.
I'm not particularly unhappy with my appearance, but I find looking in the mirror a little unsettling. Who is that guy?
Amazing how ignorant we are in medical diagnosis. We need a big database of symptoms, tests performed, results, and eventual diagnosis.
Can we all just agree that everyone knows the correlation does not equal causation, and just get on with our lives?
Just saw Take Shelter. Pretty good. I loved the slow, deliberate pacing.
So weird to hear talk about Gen X'ers relating to middle-age stuff. We're supposed to be busy slacking off, not worried about life insurance
I have to be selective about the keyboard shortcuts I learn. My brain has a limited memory for that kind of thing.
Just watched Valhalla Rising. Interesting to see what the world may have looked like before there were so many people.
I just uncircled someone on Google+ for sharing Love Shack by The B-52s. We all need to set minimal standards.
I know that I have been working too hard when I find myself looking forward to mowing the lawn.
I wonder if you can schedule a flash mob through Microsoft Outlook.
My hotel room was like a museum from 1992. Everything was perfect. Even down to the wake up call that never came.
My hotel has the Ramada Inn flag waving out front. Love that. Like we're going to band together and attack the Holiday Inn across the street
I dreamed last night that the US had a nuclear war with China, but China bombed Guatemala instead.
It's funny, I love AI, and I'm excited about the self-driving cars from Google, but I'm not comfortable using cruise control.
It's pretty obvious I have kids. On my desk at work are notes about protocol-based network protection, written in crayon.
Everything in the world should snap together like Legos.
Such a shock going from the digital world of computer science to the analog world of home repair. Nothing fits.
Hate those bags that have to be fastened before you pick them up. Stuff flying everywhere. Skinner's pigeons learn faster than I do.
Reading The Black Swan by Nassim Taleb. Love the discussion of silent evidence. Would be better if the self-aggrandizing fluff was removed.
We live our lives in confining bubbles of homogeneity. I wish my job took me to random people's houses in remote small towns.
You pull weeds in the yard, then later in the shower, you see the weeds when you close your eyes. Just me? Never mind.
They make me change my password so often that I find it's best to tweet it. That way I can at least ask my friends if I forget it.
Yogi Berra would have rocked Twitter.
Having artificial plants is like drinking decaf coffee, it misses the whole point.
Funny how we change but stay the same. In high school I liked midnight bike rides with my walkman, now I like midnight walks with wine.
City keeps sending me these paper surveys on transportation, parks, etc. Results will be biased towards those who remember what stamps are.
Was about to walk to this guy's office and ask him to make a couple of graphs, then I realized I had a coffee cup in my hand. #OfficeSpace
Overheard in my house: "Hey! I thought I said no reading!" Followed shortly thereafter by "I don't want blood in my hair!" Good times.
Young people sometimes read the same books and watch the same movies multiple times. When we get older we stop doing that. Why?
I'm old. To me, the phrase "turn of the century" still means horse and buggy, not dotcom boom.
Restaurant food tastes better the next day. When out, you compare with other menu items, but at home you compare against a cold sandwich.
I walk downstairs to get a class of water, and I end up eating a piece of cake. So hard to judge short-term enjoyment verses long-term cost.
Was about to respond to an email from my wife when I realized it would probably just be easier to walk downstairs.
Compared to the cold and hungry existence lived by our ancestors, our society is almost perfect. I tell myself that when I buy printer ink.
I know I've been working too hard when I get this constant, low-grade headache that spikes every time I try to cram more info into my brain.
Savoring the bouquet of a wine by opening your mouth to let in oxygen is fine, but do the same thing with a mouth full of Doritos ...
Just saw The Muppets. Interesting movie about a small fringe group fighting to keep America dependent on foreign oil.
I love how you can take just about anything, put pineapple on it, and call it Hawaiian.
There seem to be a lot of motivational speakers in the world. Clearly, it isn't working.
Kid to speak tomorrow in front of 500. Not trying to teach him not to be scared, trying to teach him to do what needs to be done regardless.
The cat is on a hunger strike again. He does that when he gets tired of his food.
I just remembered a restaurant from high school that I haven't thought about for years. Amazing when that happens.
Somehow, my fingers type "defiantly" when my brain thinks "definitely." Confusion at work; e.g. "I will defiantly complete this task."
Nothing feels better than getting that monkey off your back. At least for the 5 minutes until you notice the next monkey smiling up at you.
We hear warnings about the dangers of heart disease, car accidents, and cancer. But nobody talks about cats on stairs.
MS Outlook doesn't autocorrect (spell check) the subject line. The most important part. Like they have a monopoly in business email clients.
I was roughhousing with the boys, my wife called my mom and said, "I don't think my kids should play with your kids. Your boy is too wild."
I keep trying to come up with novel applications for robots, and I keep getting stuck. Anyway, I'm off to pull weeds outside.
Somehow, places seem more exciting when you don't have a map.
Cool title for book about cognitive biases, "Mistakes Were Made (But Not By Me)". I hear the actual content of the book is good too.
Those Starbucks bottled frappuccinos are like drinking a bottle of Coffee-mate creamer.
A girl in a bikini asked me if I would like to get sexy summer abs in response to my last tweet. I'm glad that somebody is listening.
I'm no Steve Jobs, but I hate when the arms of the chair are too high for the chair to fit under the desk. Hotels are notorious offenders.
Trail mix is amazing stuff. You can consume 14,000 calories and still be hungry.
On the airplane I noticed that I, the computer scientist, was the only one reading from actual dead-tree paper.
You don't realize how much liquid is in a cup of coffee until you spill it on your desk.
Just watched Midnight in Paris. That happened to me once.
Given how important hiding and seeking was for our ancestors, you'd think that my kids would be better at it. 1. No giggling. 2. No peeking.
My son has started using the phrase "it's a win-win." Evidently, the second grade curriculum has changed since my day.
Funny how at work "cleaning up" your desk and "cleaning out" our desk mean very different things.
When discussing a difficulty, my adviser once said, "if you can only do one thing, then do that." I'm going to bed.
When I hear the line " I got debts that no honest man can pay" by Bruce Springsteen, I always assume he is talking about student loans.
I've been moody this week. Reminds me of being a teenager. Not as fun as I remember.
I'd love to be able to say "Pandora, I'm angry at 'the system.' Hook me up."
We should require that all inspirational quotes consider opportunity costs. E.g., "You miss 100% of shots you don't take." You could pass.
Son (age 8) just woke up terrified of werewolves he saw on the History Channel. Spent 20 min trying to explain why TV lies to get viewers.
Amazing how our social connections now largely determine what information we see online.
Making phone calls is now outside my complexity horizon. Do I dial a 1? The area code? Who knows.
I'm not hungry, why am I making a sandwich?
I love getting reminders from Microsoft Outlook telling me that I am 23 hours late for a meeting.
Now that I have a little girl, I really understand the sugar-and-spice-and-everything-nice description. So different from the boys.
When you cut and paste in MS Word, the text gets copied. But so does a lot of mystery formatting, headers, tabs, indentions, lost souls ...
I wish there were a succinct way to tell someone a post made you laugh out loud. The meanings of such phrases always drift.
I don't know why stormtroopers are so funny. But they sure are.
I always get "philanderer" and "philanthropist" confused. Makes for an interesting reading of the news.
I would be a terrible gangster. I don't even know if, how, and under what circumstances once should tip a plumber.
Weird how foods that normally taste good can taste bad in particular ways. Peanuts sometimes taste like dirty diapers smell.
It's the worrying about doing it exactly right that makes taxes so onerous. Simply filling in boxes per my best judgement would be a breeze.
I keep expecting to earn interest in my frequent flyer miles. But it doesn't seem to work that way.
Watched Gangster's Paradise and Animal Kingdom in the same day. That's a lot of crime for one day.
OH "I think people would be surprised to learn that there are bigfoots here in Indiana."
Mom telling story about a cow attacked by a bear. Cow lived. She made a bet with her brother that he couldn't ride the cow out of the barn.
Love it when gmail says "This conversation has been moved to the trash." It always seems like a value judgment.
I don't like marshmallows. And knowing that everyone else does has always made me feel vaguely uncomfortable.
Amazing that we are starting to get smart cars, but we still have dumb traffic lights.
We Americans need to stop putting commas inside the quotation marks. But I'm too chicken to go against the rules. You are our only hope.
Amazing how no one writes in cursive anymore. I'm even starting to forget how.
I have trouble with working lunches. Eating and thinking are mutually exclusive activities.
Motto for the future of information: "If it's not relevant, get it out of my way."
When surfing the web, I might click on an interesting short video. But it can't start with a commercial. That breaks the flow. I move on.
The word "segue" is so weird that if you don't know how to spell it, even Google can't help you.
"Broken Dreams" would be a great name for a breakfast cereal. The hipsters would be all over it.
Watched Through the Wormhole with my son (age 8). Now, instead of monsters in the closet, he's afraid of a tear in the fabric of space.
Saw Ides of March the other day. Pretty good. I loved the quote "You didn't make a mistake---you made a choice."
Similac sent us a box of baby formula samples. Apparently, they know something that I don't.
Felt like a truck ran over me after the soccer game the other day. I'm starting to doubt if I will ever play in the World Cup.
As we move from PCs to tablets and server farms, is it possible that total global computing power could actually go down?
They say that most dreams are bad, and mine are usually stressful, but I do have some amazing dreams about traveling to distant planets.
The word "thing" sounds too colloquial and imprecise, but "ontological entity" sounds like a bit much. You can't win.
Thought about going to work out, then I decided that life's too short to spend time doing things you don't want to do.
The IRS has an online application form, but the online form is only available during certain hours. #UnclearOnTheConcept
Getting annoyed filling out all of these tax forms. Then I think of the wisdom of the immortal Bryan Adams. Ain't no use in complaining when
Went with my daughter to Toys R Us for the first time today. Turns out there's a whole part of the store I'd never seen before.
Annoyed by the car alarm going off outside. Funny how it doesn't even occur to me that it might be, you know, a car in distress.
My computer just made a weird beep. Did I win some sort of prize?
Just created a slide with the title "More data is qualitatively more complex (mo data mo problems)."
Science moves forward by more accurate predictions. Math by new theorems. How does philosophy move forward?
Wow, printers are stubborn. Trust me man, you don't have a paper jam.
Reading American Gods. The characters have such amazing dreams. I dreamed I was followed around the grocery store by a chain-smoking gorilla
Now that's how you get things done! Toss and turn in bed, then jump up and sit down and do it. Too bad I'll feel terrible tomorrow.
Wikipedia should have a flag for "this article is technically correct but useless because it doesn't explain what the thing actually is."
Funny how the squeaky wheel either gets grease or gets nailed down, depending on which culture you are in.
I just watched Mulholland Drive. No comprendo.
Wish me luck. I'm going to try for the fourth time to buy something from Verizon.  It's less work to get a Cambodian tourist visa.
I make my own fun.
When people say they "have no regrets," I always wonder if it's because they are deluding themselves or they just aren't paying attention.
Surprisingly, the search feature on Google docs doesn't work very well. If only they had access to search experts.
I've been in the workforce for 15 years, and I still can't get in the habit of saying "good morning" instead of "hey" or "what's up?"
My wife just sent me an email with the subject "dead bird."
Do you ever make one sandwich and then immediately realize that you should have made two?
I hate when I click on a simple thing in Windows, and it acts like I asked it to solve the halting problem.
Somehow, my wife lives in a world that is 40 degrees colder than the one I live in.
My kid asked me if magic was real. I said no, that magicians just did illusions. He said, "What about Santa?" Oh, yeah, well, there's that.
After having watched many Stars Wars movies with my kids lately, I've decided that R2-D2 is the unsung hero. The AI is strong in him.
It appears that my book has been banned in China. (The Amazon link is blocked, but it sounds cooler to say it was "banned.")
Some say we shouldn't have kids for the sake of the planet, but imagine the result if the most conscientious people didn't have children.
On Amazon, my book is available new from $12.99 and used from $42.45. Ah, decisions.
Doesn't it drive you nuts when your fingers won't type? They hit keys, but all the wrong ones.
I always like Twitter, but reading tweets is even more fun when I have something else I am supposed to be doing.
Explained to the cat that I can't open the window because it's allergy season. He was unsympathetic. Window is now open.
My son, age 8, was stuck in his video game, so he googled it to find the solution. Welcome to the adult world, my boy.
Finally saw Up in the Air. So glad they didn't go for the feel-good ending.
I wonder when wigs for men are going to come back in style.
Que pasa with the weird spacing between letters in Microsoft Word? Do I need to go into autoexec.bat and set BUGS=OFF?
Very depressing when you are looking for a quick way to do something and you find that it is the subject of an entire book.
I hate when I write a note to myself but then later don't remember what the note refers to.
Either someone has come into my office and adjusted my chair, or my muscle memory for how I sit has changed overnight.
I eat soup because it's low carb. But I have to add a lot of crackers to make it enjoyable.
Tricky to find the right level of office gossip to engage in. Contrary to oft-repeated advice, it is not 0; you come off as cold and snooty.
All my kids' toys seem to talk. I just stepped on a car, and it literally said, "Ouch! Not the face!"
Bought a TV at Walmart. They asked if I needed help "out to my truck."  I love how they just assume everyone owns a truck. #Texas
When coding, elegance is beauty, and beauty is good. But sometimes, elegant code is opaque code, and opaque code is bad.
Remember the scene in Disclosure where Michael Douglass was late to work? Just like that today, except my wife wanted the litter box cleaned
Why yes, I do want to be my own boss. I can't believe you just found me out of the blue. You must be my guardian angel.
Timestamps come from actual stamps with clocks on them. Long ago, when you started and ended a call, they stamped a piece of paper #FloCon
I now need a username and password to schedule a haircut appointment.
My milk looks kind of blue. That can't be good, right?
Rules for my son's science fair: no plants or animals, no food, no liquids, no glass, no dirt or soil or gravel or rocks.
No matter how I put a fitted sheet on, it's the wrong way.
Talking about the 6 Star Wars movies with my kids. Terms like "first one" and "last one" result in limitless confusion.
I was feeling a little down, so I had a giant bar of dark chocolate and a cup of coffee of the same color. #FeelingBetterNow
To file a 1099-MISC: 1. IRS mails you form. 2. You mail to recipient. 3. You both mail back to IRS. Might as well put tokens in a clay jar.
I can't decide if this green drink from Jamba Juice is really good or terrible.
Just spent the last hour rebuilding my son's Lego police-state prison-industrial complex headquarters. That set has a lot of pieces.
Weird that German chocolate cake has coconut. Because when I think of Germany, coconuts don't come readily to mind.
Now that I rarely make phone calls, I realize how complicated it is. Dial a 1? Area code? Depends on where you (and the receiver) are.
Weird that Anon doesn't have a Wikipedia entry. I see her quotes everywhere.
Reading The Jungle. Reminds me of when I worked at a peanut butter factory. If a jar came by without a label, my job was to put it aside.
They should make an emoticon for "egg on my face." Something like . . .  (o)--> :(
Machine learning dilemma: the datasets with ground truth are not interesting, and the interesting datasets don't have ground truth.
I love the initial euphoria of having a great new idea. Funny how the joy fades over time as the idea and reality get to know each other.
For picking movies, I've learned that not only must I enjoy it for 2 hours, but I must also enjoy having it in my head for days after.
My stomach is uncomfortably full, but I am still distracted by hunger. What's that story about the guy pushing the rock up the hill?
Companies outsource to save money on customer service. A better solution would be to not send ambiguous, error-ridden letters to customers.
If a person makes lasagna and freezes it, it tastes great. If a company does it, it tastes terrible. What gives? Ingredients? I'd pay more.
Our ancestors were wise. Coffee and donuts truly are a great combination.
I think I'd be uncomfortable having servants, but if I did, I'd like them to peel that white stuff off my orange slices.
I play soccer for my health, but every time I do, I feel like I have been run over by a truck.
Good thing ATMs make those loud beeping noises. That way, thieves can relax in the distance and don't have to trouble themselves to be close
Love it when police put the onus on you to not get robbed. The local police here recommended that we "shop in groups."
Wow! I just got a notice that Ford wants to buy back my car to "fill specific needs" in their inventory. Must be my lucky day.
Hate when companies send vague forms with lots of questions because they are too lazy to customize it to get only the information they need.
Sometimes, even when it is cold and rainy, it's nice to get out of the office and be reminded of the real world out there.
I wish I had a set of books that started from the precise perimeter of my current knowledge.
Seems that the key to teaching someone something is knowing what he or she already knows. That way, you can explain things in familiar terms
When I see lists like "Ten steps to be more productive," I always think the first item should be "Don't waste your time with stupid lists."
It's hard to google how to fix the internet when the internet is down.
Computer programming is like mowing the lawn. I enjoy both activities, but I don't do either unless I have to.
Got spam about getting a medical billing degree. A degree in billing you for a trip to the doctor. There has got to be a better system.
Movies should bring back quicksand. We all need to be reminded of the dangers.
Weird how you use vinegar to clean cat poop off the carpet and also to flavor your salad.
Went to our hometown carnival today. Just like the opening scene from The Notebook. Except we had kids, and I didn't climb on anything.
Some movies don't seem to have enough material to fill up the trailer. Don't know what they do for the other 1 hour and 28 minutes.
Three incorrect passwords, and they lock your account. Clearly, they overestimate us.
In high school, I was lazy when we had to lift weights for soccer. After school, I would go to the gym for real. #stupid.
We need another Manhattan project to develop food packaging that can actually be opened.
It is almost impossible to find Anna Karenina if you have it spelled incorrectly. It is masked by a certain pretty, blond tennis player.
I just had $9-worth of microwave pot roast. "Eat. Not too much. Mostly plants."
Beef pot roast says: "Serving Per Container Varied." Is it 2? 11? 45? Also, each serving has exactly 150 calories.
Going to the store. Anyone need anything?
Just got a wrong-number-call asking for a girl named Shirley. Always reminds me of that old movie Ruthless People.
Sleepy in the mid afternoon. Alert when it is time to go to bed. I wish we had  direct control over the arousal level of our nervous system.
Funny, no matter what time you get home from work, you just can't go right to bed. You need to spend a couple of hours piddling around.
Weird that humans have 4 blood types. It's like getting parts for a car. Seems like there should either be one blood type or a million.
It breaks your heart when you have to take the cat to the vet. The unnatural sounds that come from that carrier ...
I always wonder if fashion/design goes forward or is more of a random walk. If it goes forward, why not just jump ahead 30 years?
If you could take a graphic design like a modern cereal box back in time 30 years, what would people think of it?
What do you do when you are too tired to watch TV?
Microsoft Word is always trying to think one step ahead and seamlessly adapt to your needs. That would be great if it wasn't so stupid.
Been playing Mario Kart with my kids. My brain is limited. Wonder which part has been siphoned off to store the dynamics of flying mushrooms
Wow. You can get a lot done when you don't have to go to work.
Just got done cleaning out my sock drawer. (1) Feels good to get organized. (2) Who says people only post trivial things on Twitter?
OH one cleaning guy saying to another, "I keep throwing up blood." #zombies
Hate it when I'm in bed about to fall asleep and my mind starts chewing on some perceived injustice in the world. Now I'm back on Twitter.
Hate it when you make a good-natured-but-smart-alec comment on a Facebook post and everyone else gets all deep and sentimental.
Love it when a program crashes and Windows brings up the debugger. Yeah, like I want to debug TweetDeck in my spare time.
When a commentator writes something stupid, you want to publicly ridicule the opinion. Ah, but mentioning their name rewards bad behavior.
Always a little hesitant to open the car's sunroof. I have this vague fear that it won't close again.
I love how cats crouch down in the lawn when you walk by. Like it makes them invisible.
If the cloud loses your data, whom do you call? Does Mr. Google have a phone number?
My reversible belt purchased at a New Jersey Walmart 6 years ago is looking pretty ragged.  #LivingTheDream
I'll admit, I have no idea what Wordless Wednesday means.
Anyone know how to graphically make a quote in PowerPoint look like it was torn from a newspaper? I've seen it done with Mac software.
Funny how websites about making your PowerPoint presentations look professional look so amateurish.
Why do people use slideshare? The page is sluggish and cluttered with ads. And they want you to log in to download a document.
gotta go, I have to fix my son's Lego "skull crusher" machine before work. #parenting
Spent Saturday night installing a water softener. I'm living the dream.
My son asked us to get him a "nonfiction" book about Bigfoot at the library.
I always get Oscar de la Hoya and Oscar de la Renta confused. I assume that they are one in the same and they made my sweater.
I love how we have technology beyond our dreams, yet we still seal envelopes with human saliva.
Stratego is great for teaching kids the value of information. You must move to win, but each move also reveals information to the opponent.
I always get Siri confused with Suri.
I'm not a fan of the black, gold, silver, and metal colors for winter clothes. Nothing wrong with a little bright green in January.
Went to the mall today. Weird place with pictures of pretty people everywhere.  It used to be so familiar.
Hate it when you pour milk in the cereal and it hits the spoon and comes flying out.  It happens just infrequently enough so I don't learn.
Well, I explained the concept of "might work, but not worth the risk." One dog chewed the ball and now owns it.
Playing with kids and ball went into neighbors yard with mean dogs. Their plan: throw youngest child over while the rest of us distract them
Aren't we all tired of seeing smiling people in stock photographs in cheap publications? I'd rather see realistic pictures by amateurs.
Why do dogs howl at sirens? The neighborhood dogs go nuts every time a fire truck goes by.
Once you start with the bagels, you got to keep going. Otherwise you crash.
Does CNN really believe that people will sit through a 30 second commercial to watch a 70 second video?
Apparently, by international law, every song written in Spanish must contain at least one use of the word "corazon."
I love how reading a good book colors everyday life experience during the time you are reading it. Right now: Super Sad True Love Story.
Wow. Loud. The fire alarm in this building is the audio equivalent of tear gas. I guess I best be moseying on.
"This sentence is false." Is it true or false? Anyone asking that kind of question should be punched in the face.
Just walked .002 miles in 2.1 minutes and burned 1.7 calories on my way to the fridge.
Was off the grid once in China. You might think being offline would clear my mind and enhance creativity, but I just felt numb and lazy.
There is no excuse for printers to be only black and white. People say color is more expensive. Poppycock. So are color TVs.
I used to wonder how to make food-service employees at airports more friendly. Apparently, the solution was to replace them with kiosks.
Please watch your step as you exit the moving walk.
My son: "Daddy, why won't the window close?" Me: "That's just a little gift from Microsoft."
"Time on your hands." When you think about it, the saying makes no sense at all. Is time, like, some kind of rash?
Maybe vacations are so relaxing because our brains must process the new sights and so they have less time to turn over the usual worries.
It always seemed weird to me that a smile is a signal of goodwill. You are, after all, bearing your teeth.
For some reason, Pandora is really trying to get me into Indian music.
Mute button didn't work on the box loudly squawking ads at the gas pump. Is the world not noisy enough? Those things are evil.
I really hate negativity. It is everywhere, I hear it all day. It's terrible. Nothing can fix it. Just give up.
Constant computer clash: you want to close windows to get the clutter out of the way, but will be work to reopen later. Metaphor in there.
Just finished reading On China by Henry Kissinger. Great book if you are interested in China and/or international diplomacy.
Breaks your heart. The little brother idolizes the older brother, but the older brother is too young to appreciate it.
It's amazing how fast time goes by when you read good fiction.
Whoa, deja vu. I have a theory that deja vu comes from having a forgotten similar memory that gets triggered by the current moment.
I wish there was a way to make brushing my teeth more fun.
I love reading articles on the web about innovation stagnation that were recommended to me by robots.
Ever get a small piece of carrot stuck in your throat? It appears that my current best option is self-surgery.
Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are terrible. But peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with toasted bread are awesome.
Was just explaining @klout and how a person's influence is measured relative to the max of 100 held by Justin Bieber. This is our society.
We each remember all the events that we remember, so we all think that our memory is pretty good.
My son: "Daddy, what's the point of soccer?" Me: "To score goals." Him: "But why?" There's no why boy, practice your dribbling.
Amazing how you can just pick kids up when they're sleeping. I'd probably wake up if somebody lifted me over their shoulder at 2 am.
I've noticed that my peanut consumption has increased substantially since I took a job that offers free peanuts.
I am continually surprised at how unhelpful a thesaurus is. Anyone have a good explanation?
The form says, "Employee Name (type):" and I am tempted to put "string" #TooMuchComputers
My wife says I should be careful with my facial expressions out in public. I tell her that reading my face invades my privacy.
In the 1980s, you used to hear stories about lost cats traveling alone across the country to find their owners. Do they not do that anymore?
The cat just knocked a coffee cup off the table. Aren't they supposed to be graceful?
For the longest time, I couldn't figure out how to stop Excel from reading text aloud. Finally did, now I miss it.
Customers need a secure way to communicate with companies without having to log into each individual website. Such a pain.
In Austin, there is some kind of black-hole vortex where Mopac, 290, 71, 360, and Lamar all come together. I get lost every time.
You know, one cool thing about Twitter is that the interface doesn't change more often than it rains.
Microsoft still doesn't get it. I don't want to have to manually add folders to libraries. I want search to just work.
I love chocolate milk.
Went on the "teacup ride" at Austin's Park. Do not be fooled by the innocent-sounding name. Been over 4 hours, and I still don't feel right.
I just had a chatbot tell me I was boring. Man, those things are stupid. My mom says that I'm fascinating and handsome.
Seems like lately I've been in the situation of having more hammers than problems, which is a problem.
Oh Microsoft Word, I am powerless against your invisible formatting. Curse you.
It breaks your heart when you see your own flaws in your children.
Some schools ban cupcakes for birthdays. Other schools pimp their students to sell cookie dough door-to-door to raise funds.
New cities are ugly. It's the deep texture created by continual rebuilding that makes them beautiful. [K. Kelly, What Technology Wants]
There must be a special place in hell for the people who decided you can't skip movie previews on DVD.
Did my mom really send me an email "108 Casseroles, Crockpot Dishes, and Desserts Perfect for Fall" or was her account hacked? Modern life.
My two boys have reached the "Mom, he's repeating me" stage of cognitive development. Not sure where Piaget would put that one.
Fixed 3 leaky faucets today. I have three kids and a job. I guess this is what being an adult feels like.
Remember when a long-distance phone call was kind of a big deal?
As a knowledge worker, I've never understood why people do crossword puzzles. It's like a tow-truck driver towing his own car on the weekend
Which is more complex, a jet airplane or a cucumber? ... [What Technology Wants, Kevin Kelly]
Amazing how black socks change to blue when you take them out of the dresser drawer.
I wish the post office would raise their bulk mailing prices. They could fix their budget problems and I would get fewer credit card offers.
Went shopping at the mall tonight for the first time in years.  Amazing, malls haven't changed at all since I was a teenager.
Office is out of coffee. Luckily, I have emergency backup. Kind of like the strategic petroleum reserve.
There are some thoughts that I can't express in 140 characters. So I don't.  300 chars might be better. Or 10000 characters a month.
Love modern conveniences. Got an email from my bank saying they need me to enter in my acct and ssn. Nice, I don't need to drive down there.
When younger, the soreness in my muscles after playing soccer was kind of cool. It meant I had worked hard. Now the soreness just hurts.
Just saw Limitless. Great movie. But he said doubling your money every day was too slow. Clearly, even with NZT, he was still limited.
The toddler is crying because we won't let her eat a tub of butter.
There are funny consequences to giving your pets human names. My wife told a group of people, "Jimbob threw up everywhere and ran away."
I feel like a horse whenever I eat Cheerios.
Being hungry before going to bed is good b/c it means I didn't eat too much during the day. But it's bad because I'm hungry.
Wow, full-page ad in USA Today indistinguishable from real article. Depressing.
One bummer about getting older is that I've already seen every new movie that comes out.
I have to admit, I have no idea what they mean when people refer to something as "cynical." I'm starting to doubt that they do either.
Pandora just played a song called "For Jonathan." Whoah.
They are putting up a tent outside with a people-lifting machine that goes BEEP BEEP BEEP. A tent. Safety is important, but so is sanity.
Funny how trash TV continues to pollute your mind even after you watch it. You find yourself thinking about the characters and stories.
Speaking of signs, I was completely baffled by "Ped Xing" as a kid. I had no idea what a "ped" was and even less how one would "X."
I love those road signs that tell you to obey road signs.
My sister asked me on the phone last night if I speak Mandarin. Clearly, we need to get together more often.
I haven't seen a cherry tomato in years. It's always those inferior grape tomatoes.
Funny. There is a sound a person is supposed to make if they almost run into someone else. It's a barely audible "wup."
I wish I were as tired at bedtime as I am in the middle of the afternoon.
Soup in the microwave undergoes a phase change. At 1:23 it is ice cold, but it turns to scalding hot at some point before the click of 1:24.
I've decided that age 4 is the golden age for quotes. The kid is old enough to articulate ideas but too young to have reasonable ones.
I love Bailey's and coffee. But I can't drink liquor during the day, and I can't drink coffee at night.
In the world of online banking, it seems kind of meaningless to get an email about a "monthly statement." Oh, I can check my account now!
Wife: "I'm sorry, that was my fault." Son: "I didn't know anything was ever your fault." Mommies are infallible. Like the pope.
My shirt today has a more flared collar than normal. Not sure if "Business Disco" is how you dress for success these days, but I like it.
I just asked my son (age 7) what he was going to do today. He said, "I don't know." How great would it be to live like that again?
When is the last time you called time and temperature? I just tried it, but it didn't work.
Some days, I can only skim the surface and can't seem to dive in and read individual tweets.
I wonder if computers will ever define an ontology that is useful to them but completely alien to us.
Computer understanding: 1. Humans define buckets. 2. Computers process tons of online data and put things in buckets. Shallow, but useful.
online chat with the bank. You wait forever, and then they respond with a stupid question or "thank you for confirming that information."
It reminds me of that time people broke into my apartment, but all they did was vacuum.
While I was out, someone put a copy of "Working Mother" magazine on my desk with a note that read, "Want this?" I am baffled.
Was outside pruning the trees. I felt like a Zen master.
They say that the best place to store coffee is in the body.
Funny how quickly a new place can feel like home. Probably comes from our hunter-gatherer days.
Ever get a headache from trying to cram too much into your head at once? It's like my brain is saying, "OK. Enough. Let me get organized."
Is it me, or is Bill O'Reilly starting to look like Hugh Hefner?
Ever worry that your brain is going to run out of space? I love learning, but I don't want to overwrite previous lessons.
Intelligence is complicated and deep. Our AI systems are simple and shallow. We have a long way to go.
kevin kelly: we realized only recently (200 years) that technology is a thing in itself, building on itself. Before, it was individual art.
I keep buying pyrite but I must be doing something wrong.
I just stepped on a Froot Loop. #LifeWithKids
I hate when my spelling is so bad that spell check doesn't even put the intended word in its list of suggestions.
Making a sandwich, I was reminded of how my grandfather once had a job putting holes in swiss cheese.
So if you really expect the unexpected, then the expected becomes the unexpected, and that makes it expected again. Repeat.
I don't understand why anyone uses scribd. There are so many ads that it makes whatever you have done look ugly.
There should be a tablet PowerPoint where you create slides by drawing with your finger and writing with your pen.
Really do need to clean out my sock drawer. Now I know the predicament of all those girls who turned me down for dates in my younger years.
It appears that there are more days in the work week than I have nice pants. Time to go shopping.
Watched a video on how to fix my lawn mower ... livin' la vida loca.
Ever notice that it is never a good time to run out of staples?
Apparently, ariel images are not the same as aerial images.
A benefit from thinking about the world from a design perspective is that nothing is your fault. Can't work a device? Bad design.
If I had a nickle for every mortgage refinance "opportunity" I received from my mortgage company, I could pay off my mortgage.
Was feeling positive until I started reading the news. I can't tell if things are really going down hill, or if bad news just sells better.
"iTunes. All your Music. All in one place." My brain first read that as "iTunes. All your music belong to us."
I started eating a lot more fruits and vegetables. I don't know if it shows in my waistline, but it sure shows in my credit card bill.
We change with time yet stay the same. I still enjoy a bowl of cereal after soccer. Except now I eat Shredded Wheat instead of Cookie Crisp.
Hays CISD says anyone who wishes to step on any school field at any time must fill out facility usage form. The world has gone mad.
Ever have one of those days where every little thing seems to annoy you? Ah, the fun of being human.
When I was a boy and saw Cool Hand Luke, I thought it was funny. Later, seeing it again as an adult, I thought it was sad.
Just read an article about fire doors. It says they will not alert you to a fire or extinguish a fire. I wonder if they make coffee.
I love when it is so quiet I can hear my footsteps.
I wonder if there is a way I can leverage the power of social media to mow my lawn. Will have to think on that one.
Going to take it slow today. I have a lot of work to do, but I am going to do it slowly, mindfully, and systematically.
I was stressed and so I restarted my computer. It's like I washed my brain clean with meditation. It feels great.
Compared w/ processed food, the taste and quality of fruit is inconsistent. Now, I see that as a plus. Each piece is unique.
Pet peeve: author says he/she wrote about X in year Y, and now we see that it is more true than ever (or that people finally realize it).
Going through old papers. Hard to decide what to keep and what to throw away. There's probably a metaphor in there somewhere.
Someday, we are going to look back and be embarrassed about the number of comic book movies made during this time period.
Twitter and Facebook are just too positive. There should be a social network you can complain too when in low spirits..
Somehow, downloading a book on audible.com costs more than getting the same book on CD at amazon. I don't like shenanigans.
Climbing the stairmaster while watching sporting events is a great combo. Gives me a way to channel nervous energy.
Funny how we love a competition. News articles: 35% iPhone vs. Android, 43% Facebook vs. Google+, 18% Kardashian related, 4% other.
Dusk is definitely my favorite time of day.
When I was a kid it was funny how my mom would buy Nestle Quick but not Strawberry Quick. Strawberry milk offended her sense of decency.
I wish more places were landscaped in the style "apocalypse chic." Keep roadways and sidewalks clear, but let nature go nuts.
I bought the no-sugar-added shredded wheat in my cold, rational state at the store. In my hot, hungry state I add sugar.
They say that exercise makes you feel good, but it sure causes walking around the office to be tiring and painful.
Good thing about getting older is you learn to control your thoughts. You don't waste so much time on useless topics.
Dreamed I was trying to explain Bayesian inference to my children. Then there was a big fire, and then I turned into a mouse.
A spider is attacking a silverfish in my bathtub. Evidently, the spider thinks the tub is his territory. Organic pest control fail.
I remember when my girl first saw the baby toy isle at Target. She couldn't believe it, dolls for as far as the eye could see.
Can't use the word "irony" anymore. As soon as you do, everyone starts checking if it is used correctly, and your original message is lost.
Watching my boys throw themselves around, I hope we have robots drive cars before they turn 16.
I used to wonder what I would do if I were raised in radically different circumstances. But the question made no sense, I wouldn't be "me."
You never realize how much of human language is sexual innuendo until you learn a foreign one and constantly say dirty things on accident.
Wife makes fun of me b/c I can't find things in pantry. I say our eyes saccade---amazing I can find anything. She rolls her eyes.
"Word has lost data due to a bad network connection or a missing floppy." A missing floppy? Somebody needs to update their error messages.
Cheese is weird. When cold, it looks like a health food. But melt it, and it becomes junk food.
What are we going to do when the bots no longer just send you a link, but can give context based on your last few tweets?
Fat-free salad dressing always seems to be missing a core ingredient that I can't quite put my finger on.
I used to go to news sites looking for interesting articles. Now I just go where you guys point me.
Played basketball with the college kids today. Picked up right where I left off 20 years ago. Actually, I didn't play that bad.
I don't wanna work, I just want to bang on the drum all day ...
Dreamed that Rick Perry accidentally knocked down my fence with his pickup. He fixed it but also enclosed my backyard in a concrete dome.
They clean out the office fridge once a month. I swear it feels like every other day. #TimeFliesLikeAnArrow
I know I'm starting to fall asleep when I see random images and think nonsensical thoughts. The problem is noticing those wakes me up.
My boys love the GEICO commercials. GEICO evidently wants a piece of the lucrative tricycle and teddy bear insurance market.
GEICO seems to spend more on TV ads than other insurers. And they say they are 15% cheaper. Where are they cutting?
Just got done working in the yard. We could solve the world's energy problems if we could somehow harness the power of cords to get tangled.
Wrestling with my boys. Good to have a little cave-man time before I go back to work tomorrow.
I just watched 127 Hours with the special lady. Felt kind of bad sitting there with my microwave popcorn and big glass of cold water.
Just saw a commercial for Wipeout. I remember when we used to chuckle with smug superiority at how stupid Japanese games shows were.
This coffee ain't got no taste. Someone is going to get a stern talking-to. ... Okay, I'll just get up and make some more.
There's a fly in my office. He wants to go out the window, but it won't open. I wish I could help. Or squash him.
I wish that cereal manufacturers would spend the extra 4 cents and make the bag openable in a reasonable way.
The car outside my window is blasting smooth jazz on the stereo.  Que?
Kids' chins seem to bust open a lot. Somebody needs to do something about that. #parenting
Products were once only made by anonymous employees at large corporations. But computation brings us back to the age of the artisan.
I wish there were some kind of airport buddy system so you could get up and go get a cup of coffee without having to pack up all your stuff.
I wish my financial/retirement companies would stop sending me mail. With all these unnecessary words, I'm likely to miss important ones.
I need a pen, but there are none on my desk. There is, however, a tree branch. Ah, life with kids.
Ever have one of those days where you want to talk but you don't have anything to say, so you ask some kind of vague question?
I hate reading my own writing. You can't learn anything, and the old things you can find are mistakes.
Ideas are a funny thing. After they form from the fragments in your mind, they seem obvious. Before they form, they don't exist.
Ah, tall glass of ice water. Amazing how we take clean water for granted. You can drink the water you wash your car with.
The great thing about my sister being a physician is that everything she says is "doctor recommended."
Online shopping infinite loop: forget a field and hit "buy", error saying you forgot a field (also randomly clears another field), repeat.
My mom just told me about dandelion wine. She says it tastes terrible and gives you an awful hangover. I'll have to try that sometime.
Fame and fortune await the first person to develop a robot that powers itself by eating fire ants.
I'd rather have cold coffee than burnt coffee.
For change, I just got a nickel from 1946. Think of everywhere that nickel has been.
Funny how nobody tells jokes anymore.
Children used to build either glue or snap-on models. Now, Legos are so detailed that kids build with those instead.
Each child was only one of the millions of possible children on the night of conception. Imagine knowing them all.
I learned a new word yesterday. aliteracy: people who can read but choose not to.
Thunder Road has been playing in my head for the last few days.
You played computer games stored on audio cassette. #vintagegeek
I've always thought that playing slow-pitch softball was like watching TV outside.
Removing malware off my wife's laptop. This feels so old fashioned.
I feel like a member of the secret service when I unload the kids from the car in a parking lot. All clear, Mr. Toddler.
Noticed at a birthday party yesterday that the outside playhouse had a functional A/C unit. I don't even have one in my apartment.
Eggs that aren't fried in bacon grease lack a certain je ne sais quoi.
Once a printer decides that it has a paper jam, it is impossible to convince it otherwise.
I don't normally drink soda, and I'm going to regret this when I go to bed, but for some reason my body really really wants Mountain Dew.
When my kids tease each other, I tell them that we have enough food and they don't have to fight for dominance. They just look at me funny.
If you are awake and hungry, is it okay to eat breakfast six hours early?
When they say that you should make lemonade if life gives you lemons, they never point out that life would also have to give you sugar.
There is a tension in writing. You want to keep going to maintain momentum, but you also need to stop periodically to gain perspective.
Weird that we don't have a national ID card, but to get good prices you have to submit your credentials at the grocery store.
Blacksmiths were the app developers of the middle ages.
You know you've gotten older when someone says something like "think of the history of this place," and you actually do.
Anyone who tells you that you don't need air conditioning in Pittsburgh is a liar.  And, most likely, their pants are on fire.
I like the convenience of getting weather information online, but I miss the hype and context you get by watching your local weather person.
In Pennsylvania, sunscreen is in the "Seasonal" section. In Texas, it's a regular staple just like butter, milk, or tacos.
Dreamed I was a mobster. Spent the whole dream thinking about how to transition to post-mobster life.
I always assumed that my mood and productivity were positively correlated, but I'm starting to suspect that it might not be so.
Bought a pair of shoes at Walgreens last night. The label said they were "more than shoes." I'm still waiting to see what else they do.
It's funny when people talk about a "computer error." Like it added wrong or something.
Love that old cartoon. Husband sees his wife in the living room and says, "There you are, I've been looking for you all over the internet."
One thing about the new email notifications is that you are more exposed to people's real names instead of just the userid and photo.
Imagine how cool a lightsaber would be for someone with a tree trimming service. You would probably need special safety gear.
We live in a hyper-convenient, throwaway society. Yet, somehow, flour and sugar still come packaged ready to be taken on the Chisholm Trail.
Started my day with the Google search "safe to eat moldy bread?"
I bet that primitive people used to just sit around and tell stories about monsters. Anyway, I'm off to the movies.
Whole world is wrong. To me, "fish or cut bait" means to do something directly productive (e.g. fish) or prepare for later (e.g. cut bait).
Just went for a workout, and, wow, that's exactly what I needed. Now trying to remember why I care about all these symbols on my screen.
Worries are just like a stack of plates. Only one is visible at once, and when you remove it, the next one immediately appears.
When it comes to apocalypses, I prefer those with a more technical flavor, like the singularity or peak oil.
Just saw Black Swan. Man, that was stressful. I need to relax, maybe watch a movie or something.
I remember the first time I got a spam email in 1999. I was so angry I replied back with a stern lecture that such things were unacceptable.
Seems that shorter papers would be easier to read, but when math is involved it's the opposite. Too many unexplained jumps.
I like how before my kids learn to read, I can refer to them as "illiterate."
One thing about researching artificial intelligence is that it gives you a deep appreciation for how smart humans are.
My inbox now has 0 messages. It feels good to get organized.
A child's ability to resist eating a cookie for 15 min so he or she can later receive a greater reward is correlated with life success.
People in private planes or helicopters should have to pay me $5 every time they fly over while I'm enjoying nature.
It's weird how music makes everything more exciting like movies, tech videos, parties. It must tap into some deep, social part of the brain.
I wonder why we raise our kids on movies with clear good guys and bad guys, when for the most part, the real world is just people
Funny how the saying "kill two birds with one stone" suddenly seems cruel if you replace "stone" with "rock."
No need to figure out how to monetize a web startup business model when Microsoft is out there with all that extra cash.
Why is pi in the normal distribution? Google stumbles on a question like this.
It's funny how everyone on the internet just assumes that everyone else is ignorant until they prove otherwise.
Crazy how traffic lights can now know if you disobey their orders and automatically give you a ticket.
We always think we know it all. When my son was 3, my wife taught him something. My son paused and said, "Okay, do I know everything now?"
Amazing that people used to carry around a severed foot of a rabbit for "good luck." Clearly, it didn't do the rabbit much good.
I wonder, does Twitter use go down in the summer when it is nice outside?
Video games are designed to exploit our psychological desire for "Flow."  You feel like you are actually achieving something.
Seems trivial websites often have the most onerous security protocols. Email me password, change it, change it monthly ...
Facebook suggested that I be friends with someone who recently died. Weird.
Like the 140 char limit, but it sure is hard to have a meaningful conversation, especially when people don't already know how you think.
Amazing how bad library searches are. Can't easily sort by type, thrown by the word "The," and a monkey could give better keyword results.
Email, chat, tweets, FB, all these things can be integrated seamlessly into our day.   But a phone call is like a fire alarm.
I love how a good book becomes part of your mental life forever.
When you proofread your own writing, it is unsatisfying, it no longer seems novel. You have to fall back on the memory to see it through.
They say that Mom and Pop stores are great, but when I arrived neither Mom nor Pop was there, so I went to Giant Eagle.
Has anyone else noticed that automatic language translation finally seems to work?  Crazy.
Unfair: when young, you must take a nap and you can't buy candy. When older, you can't take a nap and you can afford candy but can't eat it.
I don't understand why, as a society, we put up with leaf blowers.  I'll take peace and quiet over tidiness any day.
Advertising on websites is necessary. But don't they understand that ads with distracting movement make the site unusable?
Amazing how friends dress alike. There are two people wearing all neon in this airport. They are traveling together.
Needed: a rule book for statistics in science. If case x, run program a, b, or c with parameters i, j, and k. Report l, m, and n.
Seems counterproductive to comment on how wrong something is and then retweet it. No need to propagate useless messages further.
According to toddlers, a cat's tail was made for pulling. The perfect Gibsonian affordance.
Gas costs about $3 a gallon. Starbucks coffee costs about $50 a gallon.
Confusion is ignorance leaving the brain.  -- Kate Nowak
I want to read a prequel to The Road. What happened between the time the man filled the bathtub and he and the boy set out.
People talk about the Terrible Twos. But it's the Mad Threes that get you. Also, the Barbarian Fours and the Savage Fives.
The default for "paste" should be to match the style of the surrounding text in the document.
Remember remembering: I no longer recall the actual event, but I have a memory of recalling it, and that memory now serves as the original.
Memory is funny. I have old memories that I no longer remember, but that I remember remembering.
The studios should make all individual scenes (e.g. < 2 min) linkable so we can use them to make good/funny points.  Perfect advertising.
If you were wondering at what age boys stop using the term "play date" and instead call it "hanging out," it's 7.
Funny how we can't actively enjoy the absence of pain. It only seems like we will when we are in pain.
Amazing how kids practice actions. At age 2, my boy would go up the step, down the step. Repeat. He loved it, drove me nuts.
Hotmail has this huge ad of someone jumping up and down. Crazy annoying. A popup says you can get rid of it by `"upgrading." #extortion
It amazes me that all these websites want my mailing address. Do they plan on sending me correspondence? Dear Sir, ...
With location tracking on your phone, you can't go to McDonald's if your wife wants you to eat better. And you can't turn it off.
I wasn't going to eat those fried noodles, but if you put them in front of me. The dude abides.
Gomer Pyle rocks. He is above our silly madness.
Dreamed I was annoyed with the world. Woke up and was still annoyed. Took me a while to realize it was a dream and the day will be good.
Philosophy would be more relevant if we talked less about the people behind the ideas and more about the ideas themselves.
If you were to ask people in 1991 to guess a topic big in the news 20 years later, they probably wouldn't say "pirate attacks"
I just saw a spam comment at the bottom of an article about reCaptchas (those codes you have to type in to prove you are human).
Ah human brain. I have to do things in the order in which I am likely to forget them, not in the most convenient order.
When I sit down and articulate a sequence of ideas, I find that I can replace whole paragraphs that now just seem like stuff.
There are only a finite number of possible digital images. Each iPhone picture you take is one of (256 * 256 * 256)^5,000,000
Life tip: turns out your phone only charges if the charger is actually plugged in.
I wonder when we are going to reverse this trend of not being able to open windows in offices. It's hot in here and the heat is on.
Fam friend to son (3): Want to come to my house by yourself sometime and play with Payton? Son: No. Friend: Why not? Son: I can't drive.
OH: kids were driving me crazy arguing about the size of the Easter bunny, I said she's big, they said how do u know, I said cause it is me
With cuts in public schools, I worry that concerned parents will take their children out, and schools will suffer even more.
Interesting, I just read a study that argues that more opportunity in life leads to more regret.  Always kind of felt this was true.
Weird how people drink ginger ale on airplanes but seemingly nowhere else.
My son playing a video game in a battle he couldn't win. I told him to run away. He yelled "never give up!" He was killed. #lifelesson
It's funny. For humans, the day starts when we get up in the morning. But for computers, the day starts at 12am.
Wrestling with my children makes me feel like a caveman. It taps into some kind of primal joy.
My son at age 4: "This orange juice doesn't taste organic." Ah, the modern world.
If cars drove themselves, we wouldn't need loud sirens on police cars and fire engines. Just send out a WiFi for your car to move.
When did the price of a box of breakfast cereal jump to $7? Wow.
I coach kindergarten soccer. My standard April fools day joke is to email the parents about having two-a-day practices.
HT @TheOnion: 5-Year-Old Critics Agree: Movie "Cars" Only Gets Better After 40th Viewing
I need to attend some kind of coffee pouring tutorial. It always runs down the side of the pot.
Amazing that anyone still puts up with commercials on the radio. At least TV commercials have pretty things to look at.
Memory is funny. I have old memories that I no longer remember, but that I remember remembering.
Trying to get back to work. It's hard now that the machine we use for work and the machine we use for fun are the same machine.
Once told my 3-year-old son that flowers are our friends. My son: no they're not. Flowers don't have faces.
Amazing that traffic lights are still dumb. You sit there when no one is coming. Think of all the oil we could save.
The mind is a mad monkey.  And Twitter doesn't help.
My son's new car seat has a cup holder.  We get a little closer to WALL-E every year.
It has always bothered me that we need keys to unlock doors. It seems like all doors should always be open.
People don't tell jokes anymore. Amazing what can go in and out of fashion.
When writing, I am constantly trying to make what I say more specific. More information per line, more real.
Forgot to bring my lunch. Solution: RFID on lunch, RFID on bag, reader on door. Alarm if lunch not in bag at door.
Want evidence of intelligent machines? Captchas are now too hard for me.
Rugby makes no sense to me. I suspect that there actually are no rules, that it is all just an elaborate hoax.
No red underline means the word is spelled correctly, or the text box has no spell checker, or you wrote the wrong word.
If I were rich, I'd write this book in a coffee shop drinking cappuccino instead of at home drinking Folgers.
The recommended age for rear-facing seats is increasing faster than my children are aging.
Funny how a new place makes you more in the moment.  Your mind processes the new sights and has fewer cycles for normal silliness.
Why do babies always want the new and exciting things they are not supposed to have?
Baby algorithm: 1. Acquire new object  2. Can I eat it?  3. GOTO 1
Me: "Look at those beautiful, new green leaves."  My son (7): "Yeah, blah, blah."
Suggested to the boys that we go leprechaun hunting tomorrow. But they claim not to believe in their existence. Ah, the ignorance of youth.
After spending time on Twitter, Facebook seems so static and slow. Status update from 20min ago--you call that recent?
Dreams are for learning from simulated experience. Dreams show us new places. But why do our dreams also alter familiar places?
Funny, pictures of nature don't substitute for real nature, they just make me a little sad that I'm not there.
It would be nice to be able to cite videos in some permanent place.  Things disappear on YouTube.
When writing, you accumulate frayed ends, realize a big idea is missing, articulate the idea and all frayed ends are cleaned up.  Continue.
My son (7) wants to go to my future brother-in-law's bachelor party.  He said to my wife "But Mom, I'm not married."  #unclearontheconcept
I don't like the idea of flying cars.  We have enough noise and eyesores on the ground.  Why can't it just be all quiet?
Pretty funny when Domino's Pizza in Colorado started following me.  But now they are gone.  Was I not stimulating enough? #timetorethink
Inception, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, What Dreams May Come, all feel similar.  All good.
Pattern: 1. good, profitable product. 2. over time, cut corners to up profit. 3. no longer good, profitable product.  E.g. Dell, Dominos
The iTunes terms and conditions is 56 pages on the iPhone. Do you agree?
When you arrive at a place you hadn't been to in a long time, your memories are of when you first got there, not when you last left.
You want to set mini-deadlines to maintain productivity, but when you do that you end up just doing shoddy work to make the deadline.
Mathematicians drive me nuts.  They publish a whole book on something like category theory, but never say what it's for.
Nobody?  I thought for sure gsexylove would know.
Who said that the best way to understand a person's experience different from your own is to read a story narrated from that point of view?
With augmented reality, we could get rid of most signs altogether. Situationally aware glasses could tell you everything you need to know.
I sewed up my pants, and they are now good as new.
My son (7) wants to know why he can't have a credit card.
The greeter at Walmart said "good job" because all of my loose items were accounted for. Who says you never get positive feedback anymore?
My son now wants a robot that can fly.  He wants it to be able to swoop down from the air and pick up the cat.
My son and I are building Lego robots.  He wants a robot to chase the cat up the stairs.  I'll have to manage his expectations.
Ate at Chili's the other day.  Only in America would we consider hamburgers to be a possible appetizer.
I've read that I should start digging a bunker for the coming of peak oil, but since I'm lazy I'll probably just use the one I dug for Y2K.
Waiting for my experiments to finish.
